no slave could open the door to fewer than ten pictures .
no slave could open the door to at most ten pictures .
no slave can stand on top of more than ten cars .
no slave can stand on top of at least ten cars .
no dinosaur can carry fewer than nine bones .
no dinosaur can carry at most nine bones .
no pig can move to fewer than one animal .
no pig can move to at most one animal .
no pig can catch fewer than ten movies .
no pig can catch at most ten movies .
no sister can exist without fewer than ten ways .
no sister can exist without at most ten ways .
no Duke can open the door to more than thirty dollars .
no Duke can open the door to at least thirty dollars .
no slave can leave more than one lie .
no slave can leave at least one lie .
no sister could exist without fewer than ten bears .
no sister could exist without at most ten bears .
no Duke can stand on top of fewer than twenty engines .
no Duke can stand on top of at most twenty engines .
no slave can catch more than twenty parents .
no slave can catch at least twenty parents .
no dinosaur can leave more than twenty dollars .
no dinosaur can leave at least twenty dollars .
no slave could stand on top of fewer than twenty windows .
no slave could stand on top of at most twenty windows .
no boat can catch more than six differences .
no boat can catch at least six differences .
no wolf can catch fewer than six calls .
no wolf can catch at most six calls .
no doctor can exist without more than thirty rings .
no doctor can exist without at least thirty rings .
no dinosaur could open the door to fewer than ten bones .
no dinosaur could open the door to at most ten bones .
no dinosaur could exist without more than one finger .
no dinosaur could exist without at least one finger .
no slave could catch fewer than twenty birds .
no slave could catch at most twenty birds .
no sister could leave more than nine horses .
no sister could leave at least nine horses .
no pig could stand on top of fewer than thirty patterns .
no pig could stand on top of at most thirty patterns .
no doctor can carry more than ten birds .
no doctor can carry at least ten birds .
no slave could catch more than one boat .
no slave could catch at least one boat .
no doctor could catch fewer than ten calls .
no doctor could catch at most ten calls .
no wolf could stand on top of more than one bone .
no wolf could stand on top of at least one bone .
no dinosaur can leave more than six books .
no dinosaur can leave at least six books .
no dinosaur could catch fewer than nine minutes .
no dinosaur could catch at most nine minutes .
no dinosaur can stand on top of fewer than ten differences .
no dinosaur can stand on top of at most ten differences .
no wolf can increase the size of fewer than twenty bits .
no wolf can increase the size of at most twenty bits .
no pig can exist without fewer than nine books .
no pig can exist without at most nine books .
no pig can catch more than ten waters .
no pig can catch at least ten waters .
no sister can exist without fewer than nine words .
no sister can exist without at most nine words .
no dinosaur can open the door to fewer than nine babies .
no dinosaur can open the door to at most nine babies .
no dinosaur can leave more than thirty things .
no dinosaur can leave at least thirty things .
no dinosaur could exist without more than twenty engines .
no dinosaur could exist without at least twenty engines .
no slave could catch fewer than twenty bones .
no slave could catch at most twenty bones .
no Duke could catch fewer than ten books .
no Duke could catch at most ten books .
no boat can carry fewer than six birds .
no boat can carry at most six birds .
no pig could catch more than twenty stories .
no pig could catch at least twenty stories .
no pig could move to more than six songs .
no pig could move to at least six songs .
no Duke can carry fewer than ten waters .
no Duke can carry at most ten waters .
no dinosaur could move to more than six ways .
no dinosaur could move to at least six ways .
no pig can stand on top of fewer than one child .
no pig can stand on top of at most one child .
no sister could carry more than ten books .
no sister could carry at least ten books .
no Duke could leave fewer than one day .
no Duke could leave at most one day .
no pig could leave fewer than ten pages .
no pig could leave at most ten pages .
no dinosaur could exist without more than one foot .
no dinosaur could exist without at least one foot .
no pig can catch more than nine dollars .
no pig can catch at least nine dollars .
no sister could increase the size of more than six birds .
no sister could increase the size of at least six birds .
no boat can carry more than ten words .
no boat can carry at least ten words .
no wolf can move to fewer than one day .
no wolf can move to at most one day .
no slave could increase the size of more than twenty lions .
no slave could increase the size of at least twenty lions .
no pig can stand on top of fewer than thirty lies .
no pig can stand on top of at most thirty lies .
no wolf could move to more than thirty things .
no wolf could move to at least thirty things .
no Duke can open the door to more than one day .
no Duke can open the door to at least one day .
no dinosaur can stand on top of more than twenty horses .
no dinosaur can stand on top of at least twenty horses .
no dinosaur can leave fewer than twenty ways .
no dinosaur can leave at most twenty ways .
no slave can stand on top of more than six lions .
no slave can stand on top of at least six lions .
no wolf could open the door to more than one engine .
no wolf could open the door to at least one engine .
no doctor could leave fewer than one parent .
no doctor could leave at most one parent .
no dinosaur can exist without more than thirty whales .
no dinosaur can exist without at least thirty whales .
no doctor could open the door to fewer than one guy .
no doctor could open the door to at most one guy .
no dinosaur could exist without fewer than nine bits .
no dinosaur could exist without at most nine bits .
no wolf could open the door to more than thirty girls .
no wolf could open the door to at least thirty girls .
no boat could open the door to more than nine days .
no boat could open the door to at least nine days .
no pig can increase the size of fewer than six waters .
no pig can increase the size of at most six waters .
no Duke can increase the size of fewer than thirty babies .
no Duke can increase the size of at most thirty babies .
no dinosaur can move to more than nine bits .
no dinosaur can move to at least nine bits .
no wolf could move to more than ten days .
no wolf could move to at least ten days .
no wolf can catch more than thirty arms .
no wolf can catch at least thirty arms .
no Duke can leave more than thirty stories .
no Duke can leave at least thirty stories .
no Duke could stand on top of more than thirty parents .
no Duke could stand on top of at least thirty parents .
no pig could exist without more than one problem .
no pig could exist without at least one problem .
no boat could catch fewer than thirty stars .
no boat could catch at most thirty stars .
no pig could catch more than one bone .
no pig could catch at least one bone .
no wolf can move to fewer than one book .
no wolf can move to at most one book .
no dinosaur can exist without more than one window .
no dinosaur can exist without at least one window .
no slave could carry more than nine restaurants .
no slave could carry at least nine restaurants .
no boat could leave fewer than twenty days .
no boat could leave at most twenty days .
no boat could increase the size of more than twenty bits .
no boat could increase the size of at least twenty bits .
no Duke could catch fewer than ten words .
no Duke could catch at most ten words .
no boat can move to fewer than thirty songs .
no boat can move to at most thirty songs .
no pig can increase the size of more than one ring .
no pig can increase the size of at least one ring .
no slave could stand on top of fewer than ten stories .
no slave could stand on top of at most ten stories .
no dinosaur could leave fewer than twenty pictures .
no dinosaur could leave at most twenty pictures .
no sister could increase the size of fewer than nine days .
no sister could increase the size of at most nine days .
no slave can carry fewer than thirty engines .
no slave can carry at most thirty engines .
no pig could leave fewer than six bones .
no pig could leave at most six bones .
no Duke could open the door to more than ten words .
no Duke could open the door to at least ten words .
no pig can leave more than six dollars .
no pig can leave at least six dollars .
no Duke can exist without more than six hands .
no Duke can exist without at least six hands .
no slave can increase the size of more than six whales .
no slave can increase the size of at least six whales .
no slave can increase the size of fewer than one movie .
no slave can increase the size of at most one movie .
no sister could exist without more than thirty hands .
no sister could exist without at least thirty hands .
no pig could catch fewer than twenty types .
no pig could catch at most twenty types .
no pig could exist without more than twenty colors .
no pig could exist without at least twenty colors .
no sister could stand on top of fewer than thirty eggs .
no sister could stand on top of at most thirty eggs .
no boat could move to more than ten stories .
no boat could move to at least ten stories .
no Duke could increase the size of fewer than one animal .
no Duke could increase the size of at most one animal .
no wolf can increase the size of fewer than thirty eggs .
no wolf can increase the size of at most thirty eggs .
no wolf could stand on top of fewer than thirty engines .
no wolf could stand on top of at most thirty engines .
no pig could stand on top of more than one child .
no pig could stand on top of at least one child .
no slave could increase the size of fewer than twenty arms .
no slave could increase the size of at most twenty arms .
no slave could leave more than ten toys .
no slave could leave at least ten toys .
no slave could move to more than ten guys .
no slave could move to at least ten guys .
no doctor could increase the size of fewer than thirty fingers .
no doctor could increase the size of at most thirty fingers .
no sister could stand on top of more than nine children .
no sister could stand on top of at least nine children .
no boat could stand on top of fewer than one girl .
no boat could stand on top of at most one girl .
no slave could stand on top of more than ten stories .
no slave could stand on top of at least ten stories .
no pig could exist without fewer than ten days .
no pig could exist without at most ten days .
no wolf could catch fewer than ten waters .
no wolf could catch at most ten waters .
no sister can move to more than one animal .
no sister can move to at least one animal .
no boat could carry fewer than six whales .
no boat could carry at most six whales .
no doctor can open the door to more than twenty minutes .
no doctor can open the door to at least twenty minutes .
no wolf can carry more than nine boats .
no wolf can carry at least nine boats .
no pig can increase the size of fewer than twenty stars .
no pig can increase the size of at most twenty stars .
no doctor could leave fewer than twenty movies .
no doctor could leave at most twenty movies .
no boat can increase the size of more than ten horses .
no boat can increase the size of at least ten horses .
no doctor could leave more than thirty lies .
no doctor could leave at least thirty lies .
no wolf can exist without more than one problem .
no wolf can exist without at least one problem .
no wolf could leave fewer than ten engines .
no wolf could leave at most ten engines .
no wolf can increase the size of more than ten problems .
no wolf can increase the size of at least ten problems .
no sister could open the door to more than thirty differences .
no sister could open the door to at least thirty differences .
no sister could move to more than twenty problems .
no sister could move to at least twenty problems .
no sister can carry fewer than ten songs .
no sister can carry at most ten songs .
no pig can open the door to more than thirty cars .
no pig can open the door to at least thirty cars .
no sister can exist without fewer than one girl .
no sister can exist without at most one girl .
no pig can carry fewer than nine things .
no pig can carry at most nine things .
no sister can leave more than ten calls .
no sister can leave at least ten calls .
no boat can catch fewer than thirty arms .
no boat can catch at most thirty arms .
no sister could catch fewer than one parent .
no sister could catch at most one parent .
no pig could leave fewer than ten parents .
no pig could leave at most ten parents .
no sister can increase the size of fewer than one foot .
no sister can increase the size of at most one foot .
no Duke could stand on top of more than nine ways .
no Duke could stand on top of at least nine ways .
no dinosaur could catch fewer than thirty stands .
no dinosaur could catch at most thirty stands .
no doctor can leave fewer than ten eggs .
no doctor can leave at most ten eggs .
no pig can move to more than nine lies .
no pig can move to at least nine lies .
no boat can open the door to fewer than nine animals .
no boat can open the door to at most nine animals .
no dinosaur could open the door to fewer than ten animals .
no dinosaur could open the door to at most ten animals .
no dinosaur could open the door to fewer than thirty hands .
no dinosaur could open the door to at most thirty hands .
no boat can move to more than nine children .
no boat can move to at least nine children .
no Duke can increase the size of more than ten restaurants .
no Duke can increase the size of at least ten restaurants .
no slave can catch fewer than thirty bones .
no slave can catch at most thirty bones .
no sister could carry fewer than nine fingers .
no sister could carry at most nine fingers .
no boat could catch fewer than six lions .
no boat could catch at most six lions .
no doctor can carry fewer than thirty dollars .
no doctor can carry at most thirty dollars .
no boat can catch fewer than six babies .
no boat can catch at most six babies .
no pig could stand on top of fewer than one finger .
no pig could stand on top of at most one finger .
no doctor can exist without more than one finger .
no doctor can exist without at least one finger .
no doctor can leave fewer than six patterns .
no doctor can leave at most six patterns .
no doctor could increase the size of more than thirty hands .
no doctor could increase the size of at least thirty hands .
no Duke can catch more than thirty windows .
no Duke can catch at least thirty windows .
no doctor can open the door to more than thirty problems .
no doctor can open the door to at least thirty problems .
no doctor can leave more than one picture .
no doctor can leave at least one picture .
no doctor can increase the size of more than twenty engines .
no doctor can increase the size of at least twenty engines .
no slave can exist without fewer than twenty girls .
no slave can exist without at most twenty girls .
no Duke can stand on top of fewer than twenty minutes .
no Duke can stand on top of at most twenty minutes .
no wolf could exist without more than nine stories .
no wolf could exist without at least nine stories .
no boat could move to more than twenty minutes .
no boat could move to at least twenty minutes .
no sister can carry fewer than ten hands .
no sister can carry at most ten hands .
no slave can move to fewer than nine lies .
no slave can move to at most nine lies .
no boat can leave more than ten rings .
no boat can leave at least ten rings .
no dinosaur can open the door to fewer than twenty words .
no dinosaur can open the door to at most twenty words .
no slave could increase the size of more than ten windows .
no slave could increase the size of at least ten windows .
no boat could move to more than ten whales .
no boat could move to at least ten whales .
no doctor can exist without more than thirty engines .
no doctor can exist without at least thirty engines .
no boat could move to more than ten bones .
no boat could move to at least ten bones .
no sister could increase the size of fewer than ten fingers .
no sister could increase the size of at most ten fingers .
no wolf can increase the size of fewer than one finger .
no wolf can increase the size of at most one finger .
no Duke can catch fewer than one day .
no Duke can catch at most one day .
no pig could leave more than thirty pages .
no pig could leave at least thirty pages .
no dinosaur could carry fewer than nine types .
no dinosaur could carry at most nine types .
no doctor could carry fewer than nine words .
no doctor could carry at most nine words .
no sister could move to fewer than thirty bears .
no sister could move to at most thirty bears .
no slave can catch more than ten hands .
no slave can catch at least ten hands .
no pig can open the door to more than one whale .
no pig can open the door to at least one whale .
no doctor could catch more than twenty ways .
no doctor could catch at least twenty ways .
no dinosaur can stand on top of more than twenty boats .
no dinosaur can stand on top of at least twenty boats .
no wolf could exist without fewer than ten waters .
no wolf could exist without at most ten waters .
no pig could leave fewer than twenty problems .
no pig could leave at most twenty problems .
no boat could catch fewer than ten songs .
no boat could catch at most ten songs .
no doctor could exist without more than twenty whales .
no doctor could exist without at least twenty whales .
no doctor could stand on top of fewer than one lion .
no doctor could stand on top of at most one lion .
no dinosaur can leave fewer than ten bits .
no dinosaur can leave at most ten bits .
no sister could stand on top of fewer than twenty calls .
no sister could stand on top of at most twenty calls .
no slave can open the door to fewer than twenty things .
no slave can open the door to at most twenty things .
no dinosaur can carry more than ten days .
no dinosaur can carry at least ten days .
no pig could stand on top of fewer than six restaurants .
no pig could stand on top of at most six restaurants .
no Duke can carry more than six hands .
no Duke can carry at least six hands .
no slave could open the door to more than ten minutes .
no slave could open the door to at least ten minutes .
no pig can carry fewer than six stories .
no pig can carry at most six stories .
no pig can carry more than six days .
no pig can carry at least six days .
no dinosaur can carry more than ten children .
no dinosaur can carry at least ten children .
no boat can leave more than ten windows .
no boat can leave at least ten windows .
no slave can catch fewer than six pictures .
no slave can catch at most six pictures .
no sister could open the door to fewer than six colors .
no sister could open the door to at most six colors .
no Duke could leave more than twenty lions .
no Duke could leave at least twenty lions .
no wolf can leave fewer than nine bones .
no wolf can leave at most nine bones .
no wolf can increase the size of more than ten restaurants .
no wolf can increase the size of at least ten restaurants .
no Duke could catch more than twenty patterns .
no Duke could catch at least twenty patterns .
no Duke can catch fewer than six engines .
no Duke can catch at most six engines .
no dinosaur could stand on top of fewer than ten movies .
no dinosaur could stand on top of at most ten movies .
no wolf can catch fewer than thirty pages .
no wolf can catch at most thirty pages .
no boat could catch more than twenty stands .
no boat could catch at least twenty stands .
no boat could stand on top of fewer than nine pictures .
no boat could stand on top of at most nine pictures .
no doctor could carry fewer than ten children .
no doctor could carry at most ten children .
no pig could carry more than six days .
no pig could carry at least six days .
no Duke can catch fewer than one word .
no Duke can catch at most one word .
no dinosaur could increase the size of fewer than ten babies .
no dinosaur could increase the size of at most ten babies .
no wolf could open the door to fewer than six lies .
no wolf could open the door to at most six lies .
no boat can open the door to fewer than one guy .
no boat can open the door to at most one guy .
no pig can leave more than thirty whales .
no pig can leave at least thirty whales .
no sister could stand on top of fewer than six hands .
no sister could stand on top of at most six hands .
no dinosaur can stand on top of fewer than thirty windows .
no dinosaur can stand on top of at most thirty windows .
no slave could move to fewer than one arm .
no slave could move to at most one arm .
no sister can stand on top of more than six books .
no sister can stand on top of at least six books .
no doctor can catch more than nine eggs .
no doctor can catch at least nine eggs .
no dinosaur could catch more than ten bears .
no dinosaur could catch at least ten bears .
no doctor could leave fewer than twenty colors .
no doctor could leave at most twenty colors .
no pig can move to more than ten toys .
no pig can move to at least ten toys .
no dinosaur can stand on top of more than nine things .
no dinosaur can stand on top of at least nine things .
no pig can leave more than one thing .
no pig can leave at least one thing .
no Duke could move to more than twenty waters .
no Duke could move to at least twenty waters .
no boat could stand on top of more than six eggs .
no boat could stand on top of at least six eggs .
no wolf could carry fewer than ten movies .
no wolf could carry at most ten movies .
no dinosaur could leave fewer than six bears .
no dinosaur could leave at most six bears .
no boat can move to more than thirty calls .
no boat can move to at least thirty calls .
no slave can carry fewer than thirty days .
no slave can carry at most thirty days .
no wolf could carry fewer than thirty girls .
no wolf could carry at most thirty girls .
no Duke could move to fewer than twenty kings .
no Duke could move to at most twenty kings .
no slave can increase the size of more than thirty problems .
no slave can increase the size of at least thirty problems .
no wolf can carry more than six horses .
no wolf can carry at least six horses .
no slave can carry more than ten differences .
no slave can carry at least ten differences .
no slave could exist without fewer than twenty girls .
no slave could exist without at most twenty girls .
no boat could move to more than one call .
no boat could move to at least one call .
no slave could exist without more than six words .
no slave could exist without at least six words .
no wolf could exist without fewer than twenty engines .
no wolf could exist without at most twenty engines .
no sister could stand on top of more than six colors .
no sister could stand on top of at least six colors .
no pig could carry more than thirty boats .
no pig could carry at least thirty boats .
no pig can move to more than twenty lies .
no pig can move to at least twenty lies .
no Duke can open the door to more than ten bones .
no Duke can open the door to at least ten bones .
no Duke can catch more than one guy .
no Duke can catch at least one guy .
no wolf can leave more than nine feet .
no wolf can leave at least nine feet .
no wolf could stand on top of fewer than six ways .
no wolf could stand on top of at most six ways .
no doctor can carry more than ten kings .
no doctor can carry at least ten kings .
no doctor can exist without fewer than nine bits .
no doctor can exist without at most nine bits .
no wolf can exist without fewer than thirty dollars .
no wolf can exist without at most thirty dollars .
no wolf can catch fewer than one boat .
no wolf can catch at most one boat .
no slave can leave more than twenty lies .
no slave can leave at least twenty lies .
no wolf can carry more than ten guys .
no wolf can carry at least ten guys .
no doctor can increase the size of more than ten restaurants .
no doctor can increase the size of at least ten restaurants .
no wolf could leave fewer than ten minutes .
no wolf could leave at most ten minutes .
no Duke could catch more than one child .
no Duke could catch at least one child .
no Duke could catch more than six differences .
no Duke could catch at least six differences .
no slave could exist without more than six whales .
no slave could exist without at least six whales .
no slave can increase the size of more than nine kings .
no slave can increase the size of at least nine kings .
no boat could increase the size of fewer than ten waters .
no boat could increase the size of at most ten waters .
no wolf can open the door to fewer than thirty patterns .
no wolf can open the door to at most thirty patterns .
no Duke could move to fewer than six cars .
no Duke could move to at most six cars .
no doctor could leave more than six bears .
no doctor could leave at least six bears .
no doctor could increase the size of more than nine stands .
no doctor could increase the size of at least nine stands .
no pig could catch fewer than ten bones .
no pig could catch at most ten bones .
no doctor could leave more than twenty stories .
no doctor could leave at least twenty stories .
no dinosaur can carry fewer than one song .
no dinosaur can carry at most one song .
no dinosaur can exist without more than six days .
no dinosaur can exist without at least six days .
no Duke can stand on top of fewer than one foot .
no Duke can stand on top of at most one foot .
no sister can exist without fewer than nine stands .
no sister can exist without at most nine stands .
no doctor can move to more than thirty birds .
no doctor can move to at least thirty birds .
no pig can exist without more than nine waters .
no pig can exist without at least nine waters .
no dinosaur could catch more than twenty pictures .
no dinosaur could catch at least twenty pictures .
no slave can increase the size of fewer than ten movies .
no slave can increase the size of at most ten movies .
no pig can exist without fewer than one finger .
no pig can exist without at most one finger .
no pig could catch more than twenty ways .
no pig could catch at least twenty ways .
no dinosaur can open the door to more than six songs .
no dinosaur can open the door to at least six songs .
no wolf could leave more than twenty words .
no wolf could leave at least twenty words .
no boat can move to more than thirty patterns .
no boat can move to at least thirty patterns .
no sister can increase the size of more than nine types .
no sister can increase the size of at least nine types .
no Duke could leave fewer than thirty stars .
no Duke could leave at most thirty stars .
no slave could move to fewer than ten rings .
no slave could move to at most ten rings .
no Duke could carry more than nine patterns .
no Duke could carry at least nine patterns .
no doctor could exist without fewer than thirty calls .
no doctor could exist without at most thirty calls .
no Duke can increase the size of more than six pages .
no Duke can increase the size of at least six pages .
no doctor could carry more than nine dogs .
no doctor could carry at least nine dogs .
no Duke can carry fewer than six birds .
no Duke can carry at most six birds .
no dinosaur can carry fewer than twenty fingers .
no dinosaur can carry at most twenty fingers .
no slave could stand on top of more than twenty words .
no slave could stand on top of at least twenty words .
no dinosaur could leave fewer than ten differences .
no dinosaur could leave at most ten differences .
no slave can stand on top of fewer than thirty ways .
no slave can stand on top of at most thirty ways .
no slave can open the door to fewer than thirty parents .
no slave can open the door to at most thirty parents .
no pig can catch fewer than nine toys .
no pig can catch at most nine toys .
no slave could increase the size of fewer than one bone .
no slave could increase the size of at most one bone .
no boat could stand on top of fewer than one book .
no boat could stand on top of at most one book .
no doctor can open the door to more than ten guys .
no doctor can open the door to at least ten guys .
no wolf can exist without fewer than twenty problems .
no wolf can exist without at most twenty problems .
no wolf could open the door to more than nine movies .
no wolf could open the door to at least nine movies .
no dinosaur can exist without more than one lie .
no dinosaur can exist without at least one lie .
no pig can carry more than nine ways .
no pig can carry at least nine ways .
no Duke can open the door to more than one animal .
no Duke can open the door to at least one animal .
no pig could carry fewer than thirty things .
no pig could carry at most thirty things .
no wolf can open the door to fewer than six types .
no wolf can open the door to at most six types .
no Duke can leave more than nine patterns .
no Duke can leave at least nine patterns .
no Duke can catch more than twenty fingers .
no Duke can catch at least twenty fingers .
no boat can carry more than one star .
no boat can carry at least one star .
no doctor can carry more than one movie .
no doctor can carry at least one movie .
no doctor could carry fewer than ten bones .
no doctor could carry at most ten bones .
no pig can catch more than ten fingers .
no pig can catch at least ten fingers .
no sister can stand on top of more than one call .
no sister can stand on top of at least one call .
no boat can leave fewer than one day .
no boat can leave at most one day .
no slave can open the door to fewer than one picture .
no slave can open the door to at most one picture .
no sister can leave fewer than ten bears .
no sister can leave at most ten bears .
no wolf can stand on top of more than ten stories .
no wolf can stand on top of at least ten stories .
no doctor could move to more than thirty minutes .
no doctor could move to at least thirty minutes .
no sister can stand on top of more than one child .
no sister can stand on top of at least one child .
no pig can catch fewer than one star .
no pig can catch at most one star .
no wolf could carry fewer than one car .
no wolf could carry at most one car .
no sister could stand on top of fewer than twenty rings .
no sister could stand on top of at most twenty rings .
no doctor can increase the size of more than six whales .
no doctor can increase the size of at least six whales .
no pig could move to more than one girl .
no pig could move to at least one girl .
no sister can leave fewer than twenty engines .
no sister can leave at most twenty engines .
no doctor could increase the size of fewer than twenty arms .
no doctor could increase the size of at most twenty arms .
no slave can increase the size of more than one call .
no slave can increase the size of at least one call .
no pig can catch more than one horse .
no pig can catch at least one horse .
no doctor could catch fewer than one pattern .
no doctor could catch at most one pattern .
no slave can stand on top of fewer than six whales .
no slave can stand on top of at most six whales .
no wolf can open the door to more than ten calls .
no wolf can open the door to at least ten calls .
no boat could carry fewer than ten types .
no boat could carry at most ten types .
no pig could stand on top of fewer than one difference .
no pig could stand on top of at most one difference .
no doctor could catch fewer than thirty types .
no doctor could catch at most thirty types .
no wolf can catch more than one picture .
no wolf can catch at least one picture .
no pig can increase the size of fewer than six ways .
no pig can increase the size of at most six ways .
no pig can move to fewer than ten bands .
no pig can move to at most ten bands .
no slave can increase the size of more than ten birds .
no slave can increase the size of at least ten birds .
no wolf could move to fewer than six toys .
no wolf could move to at most six toys .
no dinosaur can catch fewer than ten words .
no dinosaur can catch at most ten words .
no dinosaur could open the door to more than ten books .
no dinosaur could open the door to at least ten books .
no doctor can open the door to more than one ring .
no doctor can open the door to at least one ring .
no slave can stand on top of fewer than one lion .
no slave can stand on top of at most one lion .
no sister could move to more than ten fingers .
no sister could move to at least ten fingers .
no boat could catch fewer than thirty things .
no boat could catch at most thirty things .
no doctor could exist without more than six waters .
no doctor could exist without at least six waters .
no Duke can exist without fewer than nine animals .
no Duke can exist without at most nine animals .
no sister could move to fewer than thirty pictures .
no sister could move to at most thirty pictures .
no boat could open the door to fewer than one hand .
no boat could open the door to at most one hand .
no doctor can catch fewer than nine songs .
no doctor can catch at most nine songs .
no Duke can catch more than one animal .
no Duke can catch at least one animal .
no pig could exist without fewer than six stands .
no pig could exist without at most six stands .
no dinosaur can open the door to more than twenty hands .
no dinosaur can open the door to at least twenty hands .
no slave could exist without more than one finger .
no slave could exist without at least one finger .
no Duke could carry fewer than nine horses .
no Duke could carry at most nine horses .
no boat could stand on top of more than six cars .
no boat could stand on top of at least six cars .
no wolf could leave fewer than nine engines .
no wolf could leave at most nine engines .
no dinosaur can open the door to more than nine windows .
no dinosaur can open the door to at least nine windows .
no Duke could stand on top of fewer than nine bands .
no Duke could stand on top of at most nine bands .
no doctor can stand on top of fewer than ten bands .
no doctor can stand on top of at most ten bands .
no doctor can increase the size of fewer than twenty restaurants .
no doctor can increase the size of at most twenty restaurants .
no Duke can carry more than six stories .
no Duke can carry at least six stories .
no pig could increase the size of fewer than one bird .
no pig could increase the size of at most one bird .
no doctor can increase the size of more than twenty bits .
no doctor can increase the size of at least twenty bits .
no slave could leave more than nine animals .
no slave could leave at least nine animals .
no sister can carry more than thirty colors .
no sister can carry at least thirty colors .
no dinosaur can increase the size of more than one animal .
no dinosaur can increase the size of at least one animal .
no Duke could catch more than nine children .
no Duke could catch at least nine children .
no boat could leave more than twenty parents .
no boat could leave at least twenty parents .
no pig can move to more than twenty eggs .
no pig can move to at least twenty eggs .
no pig can increase the size of more than one bear .
no pig can increase the size of at least one bear .
no pig can stand on top of fewer than nine types .
no pig can stand on top of at most nine types .
no sister could exist without fewer than nine stories .
no sister could exist without at most nine stories .
no doctor could exist without fewer than ten guys .
no doctor could exist without at most ten guys .
no Duke can leave fewer than thirty bears .
no Duke can leave at most thirty bears .
no slave could move to fewer than nine toys .
no slave could move to at most nine toys .
no sister can stand on top of more than nine days .
no sister can stand on top of at least nine days .
no Duke could leave more than twenty feet .
no Duke could leave at least twenty feet .
no slave can carry fewer than one engine .
no slave can carry at most one engine .
no Duke can increase the size of more than six windows .
no Duke can increase the size of at least six windows .
no doctor could leave more than six things .
no doctor could leave at least six things .
no doctor could exist without more than twenty restaurants .
no doctor could exist without at least twenty restaurants .
no Duke could leave fewer than one song .
no Duke could leave at most one song .
no dinosaur can open the door to fewer than one difference .
no dinosaur can open the door to at most one difference .
no pig could exist without fewer than one girl .
no pig could exist without at most one girl .
no boat can stand on top of more than six hands .
no boat can stand on top of at least six hands .
no Duke can move to more than one type .
no Duke can move to at least one type .
no doctor can move to more than thirty animals .
no doctor can move to at least thirty animals .
no pig could exist without more than six lions .
no pig could exist without at least six lions .
no dinosaur can catch more than twenty waters .
no dinosaur can catch at least twenty waters .
no dinosaur could open the door to fewer than six waters .
no dinosaur could open the door to at most six waters .
no doctor can move to fewer than ten minutes .
no doctor can move to at most ten minutes .
no pig could exist without fewer than one bit .
no pig could exist without at most one bit .
no Duke could open the door to fewer than thirty toys .
no Duke could open the door to at most thirty toys .
no Duke can carry fewer than thirty restaurants .
no Duke can carry at most thirty restaurants .
no dinosaur can move to more than nine whales .
no dinosaur can move to at least nine whales .
no doctor could move to fewer than twenty hands .
no doctor could move to at most twenty hands .
no boat could increase the size of fewer than ten eggs .
no boat could increase the size of at most ten eggs .
no Duke can open the door to more than ten books .
no Duke can open the door to at least ten books .
no slave can open the door to fewer than twenty kings .
no slave can open the door to at most twenty kings .
no doctor can move to fewer than twenty girls .
no doctor can move to at most twenty girls .
no sister can exist without fewer than twenty rings .
no sister can exist without at most twenty rings .
no boat can open the door to fewer than one picture .
no boat can open the door to at most one picture .
no sister could move to more than twenty movies .
no sister could move to at least twenty movies .
no Duke could stand on top of fewer than thirty colors .
no Duke could stand on top of at most thirty colors .
no doctor could open the door to fewer than one star .
no doctor could open the door to at most one star .
no Duke could stand on top of fewer than twenty arms .
no Duke could stand on top of at most twenty arms .
no pig can leave fewer than thirty hands .
no pig can leave at most thirty hands .
no wolf could leave fewer than twenty animals .
no wolf could leave at most twenty animals .
no wolf can catch fewer than thirty patterns .
no wolf can catch at most thirty patterns .
no slave could increase the size of fewer than one story .
no slave could increase the size of at most one story .
no dinosaur can catch more than twenty hands .
no dinosaur can catch at least twenty hands .
no dinosaur could open the door to fewer than thirty arms .
no dinosaur could open the door to at most thirty arms .
no doctor could leave fewer than twenty arms .
no doctor could leave at most twenty arms .
no wolf can increase the size of more than twenty lies .
no wolf can increase the size of at least twenty lies .
no slave can open the door to fewer than twenty minutes .
no slave can open the door to at most twenty minutes .
no pig could catch more than thirty feet .
no pig could catch at least thirty feet .
no Duke can increase the size of more than twenty eggs .
no Duke can increase the size of at least twenty eggs .
no boat could move to fewer than six eggs .
no boat could move to at most six eggs .
no wolf can stand on top of fewer than thirty whales .
no wolf can stand on top of at most thirty whales .
no dinosaur could open the door to more than six stands .
no dinosaur could open the door to at least six stands .
no dinosaur can exist without fewer than thirty bits .
no dinosaur can exist without at most thirty bits .
no wolf could increase the size of more than twenty boats .
no wolf could increase the size of at least twenty boats .
no wolf could carry fewer than twenty bands .
no wolf could carry at most twenty bands .
no wolf can stand on top of fewer than twenty pictures .
no wolf can stand on top of at most twenty pictures .
no sister can catch fewer than ten lions .
no sister can catch at most ten lions .
no slave could leave fewer than ten songs .
no slave could leave at most ten songs .
no wolf could open the door to fewer than one lie .
no wolf could open the door to at most one lie .
no dinosaur can increase the size of fewer than twenty movies .
no dinosaur can increase the size of at most twenty movies .
no wolf could leave more than thirty babies .
no wolf could leave at least thirty babies .
no Duke can catch more than ten kings .
no Duke can catch at least ten kings .
no dinosaur could catch fewer than six girls .
no dinosaur could catch at most six girls .
no wolf could catch fewer than six dollars .
no wolf could catch at most six dollars .
no boat can exist without fewer than one lie .
no boat can exist without at most one lie .
no doctor could carry more than one star .
no doctor could carry at least one star .
no slave could exist without more than ten birds .
no slave could exist without at least ten birds .
no Duke can carry more than thirty stories .
no Duke can carry at least thirty stories .
no doctor can exist without more than one story .
no doctor can exist without at least one story .
no Duke could carry more than nine waters .
no Duke could carry at least nine waters .
no wolf could stand on top of more than one problem .
no wolf could stand on top of at least one problem .
no slave could carry fewer than one book .
no slave could carry at most one book .
no dinosaur could stand on top of fewer than thirty arms .
no dinosaur could stand on top of at most thirty arms .
no pig can move to more than ten girls .
no pig can move to at least ten girls .
no wolf could move to fewer than thirty movies .
no wolf could move to at most thirty movies .
no sister can move to more than thirty types .
no sister can move to at least thirty types .
no doctor can catch fewer than thirty minutes .
no doctor can catch at most thirty minutes .
no boat can increase the size of fewer than twenty lies .
no boat can increase the size of at most twenty lies .
no wolf can stand on top of more than twenty guys .
no wolf can stand on top of at least twenty guys .
no slave can stand on top of more than thirty girls .
no slave can stand on top of at least thirty girls .
no dinosaur could move to more than ten babies .
no dinosaur could move to at least ten babies .
no doctor could increase the size of more than six books .
no doctor could increase the size of at least six books .
no pig can increase the size of fewer than ten differences .
no pig can increase the size of at most ten differences .
no wolf could increase the size of fewer than thirty kings .
no wolf could increase the size of at most thirty kings .
no slave can carry fewer than thirty parents .
no slave can carry at most thirty parents .
no boat can move to fewer than ten dogs .
no boat can move to at most ten dogs .
no sister can stand on top of fewer than six toys .
no sister can stand on top of at most six toys .
no dinosaur can stand on top of fewer than ten cars .
no dinosaur can stand on top of at most ten cars .
no sister can open the door to fewer than ten horses .
no sister can open the door to at most ten horses .
no dinosaur could open the door to more than twenty calls .
no dinosaur could open the door to at least twenty calls .
no sister can catch fewer than thirty lies .
no sister can catch at most thirty lies .
no sister can carry fewer than one way .
no sister can carry at most one way .
no slave could catch fewer than nine bones .
no slave could catch at most nine bones .
no sister could carry fewer than ten songs .
no sister could carry at most ten songs .
no wolf could catch more than thirty engines .
no wolf could catch at least thirty engines .
no slave can leave more than ten bits .
no slave can leave at least ten bits .
no boat could exist without more than twenty fingers .
no boat could exist without at least twenty fingers .
no pig can move to fewer than ten types .
no pig can move to at most ten types .
no slave can move to fewer than one bit .
no slave can move to at most one bit .
no Duke can exist without fewer than ten lions .
no Duke can exist without at most ten lions .
no slave can exist without fewer than twenty children .
no slave can exist without at most twenty children .
no dinosaur can leave fewer than twenty problems .
no dinosaur can leave at most twenty problems .
no Duke can stand on top of fewer than one call .
no Duke can stand on top of at most one call .
no slave could increase the size of more than nine lies .
no slave could increase the size of at least nine lies .
no slave can open the door to more than twenty birds .
no slave can open the door to at least twenty birds .
no dinosaur could exist without more than nine stars .
no dinosaur could exist without at least nine stars .
no dinosaur can move to fewer than ten problems .
no dinosaur can move to at most ten problems .
no dinosaur can increase the size of more than twenty cars .
no dinosaur can increase the size of at least twenty cars .
no boat can stand on top of more than six whales .
no boat can stand on top of at least six whales .
no doctor could move to more than nine bands .
no doctor could move to at least nine bands .
no pig can leave fewer than one king .
no pig can leave at most one king .
no boat could exist without more than twenty bands .
no boat could exist without at least twenty bands .
no sister could carry more than nine movies .
no sister could carry at least nine movies .
no dinosaur could open the door to fewer than one picture .
no dinosaur could open the door to at most one picture .
no boat can catch more than ten eggs .
no boat can catch at least ten eggs .
no wolf could increase the size of fewer than nine toys .
no wolf could increase the size of at most nine toys .
no boat can open the door to more than twenty problems .
no boat can open the door to at least twenty problems .
no wolf can move to more than nine guys .
no wolf can move to at least nine guys .
no slave can catch fewer than one baby .
no slave can catch at most one baby .
no Duke could move to fewer than one movie .
no Duke could move to at most one movie .
no sister can exist without more than six parents .
no sister can exist without at least six parents .
no dinosaur can leave fewer than one minute .
no dinosaur can leave at most one minute .
no slave could leave more than ten problems .
no slave could leave at least ten problems .
no sister can increase the size of fewer than nine stories .
no sister can increase the size of at most nine stories .
no doctor could exist without more than twenty books .
no doctor could exist without at least twenty books .
no sister could increase the size of fewer than one toy .
no sister could increase the size of at most one toy .
no slave can open the door to fewer than six restaurants .
no slave can open the door to at most six restaurants .
no Duke could leave fewer than ten guys .
no Duke could leave at most ten guys .
no slave could open the door to more than ten days .
no slave could open the door to at least ten days .
no Duke could stand on top of fewer than one horse .
no Duke could stand on top of at most one horse .
no wolf can stand on top of fewer than one bird .
no wolf can stand on top of at most one bird .
no pig can catch more than nine differences .
no pig can catch at least nine differences .
no dinosaur can exist without fewer than thirty guys .
no dinosaur can exist without at most thirty guys .
no dinosaur can open the door to fewer than one bear .
no dinosaur can open the door to at most one bear .
no dinosaur could increase the size of more than six waters .
no dinosaur could increase the size of at least six waters .
no doctor could exist without fewer than one guy .
no doctor could exist without at most one guy .
no wolf could leave fewer than ten kings .
no wolf could leave at most ten kings .
no doctor can stand on top of more than ten pages .
no doctor can stand on top of at least ten pages .
no dinosaur can exist without fewer than thirty girls .
no dinosaur can exist without at most thirty girls .
no doctor could catch fewer than nine animals .
no doctor could catch at most nine animals .
no doctor could open the door to more than one thing .
no doctor could open the door to at least one thing .
no wolf can exist without fewer than one minute .
no wolf can exist without at most one minute .
no wolf can leave more than ten days .
no wolf can leave at least ten days .
no pig can catch more than twenty guys .
no pig can catch at least twenty guys .
no slave could catch more than nine songs .
no slave could catch at least nine songs .
no sister can exist without more than six things .
no sister can exist without at least six things .
no slave could stand on top of fewer than twenty babies .
no slave could stand on top of at most twenty babies .
no dinosaur can stand on top of more than nine ways .
no dinosaur can stand on top of at least nine ways .
no dinosaur could exist without fewer than twenty birds .
no dinosaur could exist without at most twenty birds .
no wolf could exist without fewer than twenty books .
no wolf could exist without at most twenty books .
no dinosaur can stand on top of fewer than thirty fingers .
no dinosaur can stand on top of at most thirty fingers .
no pig can exist without fewer than six bears .
no pig can exist without at most six bears .
no boat could carry more than one bird .
no boat could carry at least one bird .
no boat can increase the size of fewer than twenty whales .
no boat can increase the size of at most twenty whales .
no Duke could increase the size of more than twenty babies .
no Duke could increase the size of at least twenty babies .
no Duke can open the door to fewer than twenty things .
no Duke can open the door to at most twenty things .
no boat can carry fewer than one baby .
no boat can carry at most one baby .
no sister can open the door to more than ten toys .
no sister can open the door to at least ten toys .
no doctor can exist without more than nine differences .
no doctor can exist without at least nine differences .
no boat can open the door to fewer than thirty toys .
no boat can open the door to at most thirty toys .
no doctor can leave more than six boats .
no doctor can leave at least six boats .
no pig can move to more than nine arms .
no pig can move to at least nine arms .
no slave could exist without fewer than twenty windows .
no slave could exist without at most twenty windows .
no Duke can exist without fewer than one engine .
no Duke can exist without at most one engine .
no wolf could open the door to more than ten ways .
no wolf could open the door to at least ten ways .
no sister can stand on top of more than thirty movies .
no sister can stand on top of at least thirty movies .
no doctor could increase the size of fewer than nine horses .
no doctor could increase the size of at most nine horses .
no dinosaur could move to more than six guys .
no dinosaur could move to at least six guys .
no Duke can catch more than twenty movies .
no Duke can catch at least twenty movies .
no wolf could increase the size of more than ten stars .
no wolf could increase the size of at least ten stars .
no wolf can stand on top of more than thirty dogs .
no wolf can stand on top of at least thirty dogs .
no sister could increase the size of fewer than six guys .
no sister could increase the size of at most six guys .
no pig could exist without more than thirty problems .
no pig could exist without at least thirty problems .
no Duke could increase the size of more than thirty minutes .
no Duke could increase the size of at least thirty minutes .
no dinosaur could stand on top of more than twenty windows .
no dinosaur could stand on top of at least twenty windows .
no Duke can increase the size of fewer than ten lions .
no Duke can increase the size of at most ten lions .
no slave can carry more than thirty animals .
no slave can carry at least thirty animals .
no slave could leave more than twenty restaurants .
no slave could leave at least twenty restaurants .
no Duke could carry fewer than one way .
no Duke could carry at most one way .
no dinosaur could move to more than ten arms .
no dinosaur could move to at least ten arms .
no boat can carry more than nine days .
no boat can carry at least nine days .
no sister could move to fewer than ten bones .
no sister could move to at most ten bones .
no Duke could move to more than thirty words .
no Duke could move to at least thirty words .
no Duke can leave more than nine guys .
no Duke can leave at least nine guys .
no doctor can exist without fewer than ten babies .
no doctor can exist without at most ten babies .
no sister could increase the size of more than one bird .
no sister could increase the size of at least one bird .
no Duke can leave more than six rings .
no Duke can leave at least six rings .
no slave can leave fewer than twenty restaurants .
no slave can leave at most twenty restaurants .
no pig can exist without fewer than thirty songs .
no pig can exist without at most thirty songs .
no Duke can open the door to more than ten things .
no Duke can open the door to at least ten things .
no slave can move to more than twenty toys .
no slave can move to at least twenty toys .
no wolf can increase the size of more than nine bones .
no wolf can increase the size of at least nine bones .
no wolf could move to fewer than twenty pictures .
no wolf could move to at most twenty pictures .
no boat can stand on top of fewer than one king .
no boat can stand on top of at most one king .
no Duke could move to more than ten arms .
no Duke could move to at least ten arms .
no sister can carry more than one lion .
no sister can carry at least one lion .
no Duke could carry fewer than one difference .
no Duke could carry at most one difference .
no wolf could exist without more than ten birds .
no wolf could exist without at least ten birds .
no slave can exist without fewer than six differences .
no slave can exist without at most six differences .
no sister can move to fewer than nine pages .
no sister can move to at most nine pages .
no pig can open the door to fewer than one song .
no pig can open the door to at most one song .
no doctor can carry more than one call .
no doctor can carry at least one call .
no sister can exist without fewer than thirty lions .
no sister can exist without at most thirty lions .
no Duke can open the door to fewer than six stands .
no Duke can open the door to at most six stands .
no dinosaur could catch more than ten stories .
no dinosaur could catch at least ten stories .
no sister could stand on top of more than nine girls .
no sister could stand on top of at least nine girls .
no sister could exist without fewer than one restaurant .
no sister could exist without at most one restaurant .
no doctor could move to more than ten lies .
no doctor could move to at least ten lies .
no sister could exist without more than nine lies .
no sister could exist without at least nine lies .
no wolf can move to fewer than twenty patterns .
no wolf can move to at most twenty patterns .
no sister can exist without more than nine hands .
no sister can exist without at least nine hands .
no sister can catch more than nine fingers .
no sister can catch at least nine fingers .
no pig could leave fewer than thirty animals .
no pig could leave at most thirty animals .
no wolf can carry more than nine horses .
no wolf can carry at least nine horses .
no pig could exist without fewer than one boat .
no pig could exist without at most one boat .
no doctor could open the door to more than ten bears .
no doctor could open the door to at least ten bears .
no slave could move to more than nine bands .
no slave could move to at least nine bands .
no Duke can move to fewer than six stories .
no Duke can move to at most six stories .
no sister could catch fewer than thirty differences .
no sister could catch at most thirty differences .
no doctor can exist without more than nine horses .
no doctor can exist without at least nine horses .
no sister could increase the size of more than six arms .
no sister could increase the size of at least six arms .
no wolf can carry more than six fingers .
no wolf can carry at least six fingers .
no pig can stand on top of fewer than six horses .
no pig can stand on top of at most six horses .
no slave could catch more than six whales .
no slave could catch at least six whales .
no dinosaur could stand on top of fewer than twenty kings .
no dinosaur could stand on top of at most twenty kings .
no doctor could exist without more than nine types .
no doctor could exist without at least nine types .
no doctor could increase the size of more than thirty ways .
no doctor could increase the size of at least thirty ways .
no doctor could move to fewer than nine feet .
no doctor could move to at most nine feet .
no wolf can leave more than thirty bears .
no wolf can leave at least thirty bears .
no slave could open the door to fewer than nine songs .
no slave could open the door to at most nine songs .
no wolf could move to fewer than ten lions .
no wolf could move to at most ten lions .
no Duke can open the door to fewer than one book .
no Duke can open the door to at most one book .
no Duke can leave more than nine ways .
no Duke can leave at least nine ways .
no slave can leave fewer than six days .
no slave can leave at most six days .
no doctor could carry fewer than six animals .
no doctor could carry at most six animals .
no pig can leave fewer than nine stands .
no pig can leave at most nine stands .
no doctor could open the door to fewer than thirty bones .
no doctor could open the door to at most thirty bones .
no slave could move to more than ten eggs .
no slave could move to at least ten eggs .
no dinosaur could carry fewer than one stand .
no dinosaur could carry at most one stand .
no wolf could leave more than ten words .
no wolf could leave at least ten words .
no slave can carry more than nine movies .
no slave can carry at least nine movies .
no boat could move to more than thirty differences .
no boat could move to at least thirty differences .
no dinosaur could open the door to fewer than one car .
no dinosaur could open the door to at most one car .
no wolf can carry more than twenty girls .
no wolf can carry at least twenty girls .
no boat could increase the size of more than six babies .
no boat could increase the size of at least six babies .
no Duke can move to more than ten bones .
no Duke can move to at least ten bones .
no dinosaur could exist without fewer than twenty engines .
no dinosaur could exist without at most twenty engines .
no doctor could move to fewer than twenty books .
no doctor could move to at most twenty books .
no wolf can increase the size of more than six restaurants .
no wolf can increase the size of at least six restaurants .
no doctor can catch more than thirty movies .
no doctor can catch at least thirty movies .
no dinosaur could open the door to more than six animals .
no dinosaur could open the door to at least six animals .
no sister could catch more than twenty bits .
no sister could catch at least twenty bits .
no dinosaur can catch fewer than thirty books .
no dinosaur can catch at most thirty books .
no dinosaur could open the door to more than six songs .
no dinosaur could open the door to at least six songs .
no sister could move to fewer than twenty engines .
no sister could move to at most twenty engines .
no doctor could move to fewer than nine restaurants .
no doctor could move to at most nine restaurants .
no boat could open the door to more than ten girls .
no boat could open the door to at least ten girls .
no boat can leave more than twenty dogs .
no boat can leave at least twenty dogs .
no boat can move to more than nine cars .
no boat can move to at least nine cars .
no sister could catch fewer than twenty babies .
no sister could catch at most twenty babies .
no wolf could move to more than ten pages .
no wolf could move to at least ten pages .
no boat can stand on top of more than nine bears .
no boat can stand on top of at least nine bears .
no pig could open the door to fewer than one hand .
no pig could open the door to at most one hand .
no boat can stand on top of more than six pages .
no boat can stand on top of at least six pages .
no pig could leave more than six rings .
no pig could leave at least six rings .
no Duke can leave more than nine windows .
no Duke can leave at least nine windows .
no sister could leave fewer than thirty bones .
no sister could leave at most thirty bones .
no boat could leave more than thirty toys .
no boat could leave at least thirty toys .
no Duke could carry more than twenty things .
no Duke could carry at least twenty things .
no slave can move to more than nine lions .
no slave can move to at least nine lions .
no pig can stand on top of fewer than thirty types .
no pig can stand on top of at most thirty types .
no doctor could move to fewer than ten books .
no doctor could move to at most ten books .
no dinosaur can increase the size of fewer than twenty types .
no dinosaur can increase the size of at most twenty types .
no doctor could open the door to fewer than twenty babies .
no doctor could open the door to at most twenty babies .
no pig can move to more than nine kings .
no pig can move to at least nine kings .
no doctor can carry more than one bear .
no doctor can carry at least one bear .
no sister can leave more than one egg .
no sister can leave at least one egg .
no Duke can open the door to fewer than nine bands .
no Duke can open the door to at most nine bands .
no pig could catch fewer than ten feet .
no pig could catch at most ten feet .
no doctor could carry more than one pattern .
no doctor could carry at least one pattern .
no sister could leave more than six stories .
no sister could leave at least six stories .
no boat could catch fewer than twenty stars .
no boat could catch at most twenty stars .
no boat could stand on top of fewer than nine bears .
no boat could stand on top of at most nine bears .
no pig can catch more than ten types .
no pig can catch at least ten types .
no wolf can exist without more than ten boats .
no wolf can exist without at least ten boats .
no sister can open the door to more than six calls .
no sister can open the door to at least six calls .
no wolf could exist without fewer than twenty eggs .
no wolf could exist without at most twenty eggs .
no boat can leave more than thirty dogs .
no boat can leave at least thirty dogs .
no wolf could carry fewer than ten lions .
no wolf could carry at most ten lions .
no dinosaur can catch fewer than one bit .
no dinosaur can catch at most one bit .
no dinosaur could leave fewer than six lies .
no dinosaur could leave at most six lies .
no sister can increase the size of more than ten children .
no sister can increase the size of at least ten children .
no wolf could exist without more than twenty parents .
no wolf could exist without at least twenty parents .
no sister could open the door to fewer than six kings .
no sister could open the door to at most six kings .
no doctor could open the door to fewer than nine dollars .
no doctor could open the door to at most nine dollars .
no dinosaur can catch more than nine dollars .
no dinosaur can catch at least nine dollars .
no slave can catch more than ten pages .
no slave can catch at least ten pages .
no pig can stand on top of fewer than ten movies .
no pig can stand on top of at most ten movies .
no sister could open the door to fewer than thirty lies .
no sister could open the door to at most thirty lies .
no wolf could catch more than nine problems .
no wolf could catch at least nine problems .
no Duke can open the door to more than twenty things .
no Duke can open the door to at least twenty things .
no doctor could open the door to more than thirty feet .
no doctor could open the door to at least thirty feet .
no wolf could exist without more than one call .
no wolf could exist without at least one call .
no doctor could leave more than thirty books .
no doctor could leave at least thirty books .
no Duke could increase the size of fewer than ten bears .
no Duke could increase the size of at most ten bears .
no slave can open the door to fewer than nine eggs .
no slave can open the door to at most nine eggs .
no wolf could move to more than six problems .
no wolf could move to at least six problems .
no boat could move to fewer than six differences .
no boat could move to at most six differences .
no doctor could increase the size of more than thirty boats .
no doctor could increase the size of at least thirty boats .
no sister can catch more than twenty boats .
no sister can catch at least twenty boats .
no doctor can open the door to more than six bits .
no doctor can open the door to at least six bits .
no dinosaur can carry fewer than six patterns .
no dinosaur can carry at most six patterns .
no boat can exist without fewer than nine hands .
no boat can exist without at most nine hands .
no boat can open the door to fewer than nine birds .
no boat can open the door to at most nine birds .
no pig could increase the size of more than thirty parents .
no pig could increase the size of at least thirty parents .
no doctor could leave fewer than nine movies .
no doctor could leave at most nine movies .
no pig can move to fewer than ten toys .
no pig can move to at most ten toys .
no doctor can stand on top of fewer than thirty things .
no doctor can stand on top of at most thirty things .
no boat can leave more than nine restaurants .
no boat can leave at least nine restaurants .
no boat could stand on top of more than twenty toys .
no boat could stand on top of at least twenty toys .
no doctor can open the door to more than one whale .
no doctor can open the door to at least one whale .
no Duke could increase the size of more than twenty pictures .
no Duke could increase the size of at least twenty pictures .
no slave could catch fewer than twenty feet .
no slave could catch at most twenty feet .
no sister can stand on top of more than thirty parents .
no sister can stand on top of at least thirty parents .
no doctor can open the door to fewer than twenty words .
no doctor can open the door to at most twenty words .
no pig can exist without fewer than six dollars .
no pig can exist without at most six dollars .
no Duke can move to fewer than twenty stands .
no Duke can move to at most twenty stands .
no slave could move to fewer than nine types .
no slave could move to at most nine types .
no Duke could exist without fewer than six patterns .
no Duke could exist without at most six patterns .
no sister could open the door to more than ten ways .
no sister could open the door to at least ten ways .
no sister can stand on top of fewer than ten hands .
no sister can stand on top of at most ten hands .
no slave can exist without fewer than nine dollars .
no slave can exist without at most nine dollars .
no wolf could exist without fewer than thirty pictures .
no wolf could exist without at most thirty pictures .
no boat could leave more than six pages .
no boat could leave at least six pages .
no sister can move to fewer than six guys .
no sister can move to at most six guys .
no dinosaur can increase the size of fewer than nine bits .
no dinosaur can increase the size of at most nine bits .
no wolf could open the door to fewer than one whale .
no wolf could open the door to at most one whale .
no wolf can increase the size of fewer than thirty words .
no wolf can increase the size of at most thirty words .
no doctor can open the door to more than nine feet .
no doctor can open the door to at least nine feet .
no pig can stand on top of fewer than twenty hands .
no pig can stand on top of at most twenty hands .
no slave can open the door to fewer than thirty songs .
no slave can open the door to at most thirty songs .
no doctor can increase the size of fewer than ten bands .
no doctor can increase the size of at most ten bands .
no boat could leave more than ten stories .
no boat could leave at least ten stories .
no wolf can catch fewer than ten girls .
no wolf can catch at most ten girls .
no dinosaur could increase the size of more than ten types .
no dinosaur could increase the size of at least ten types .
no slave can leave more than six days .
no slave can leave at least six days .
no slave can leave more than ten problems .
no slave can leave at least ten problems .
no sister could leave more than six words .
no sister could leave at least six words .
no pig could carry fewer than one bear .
no pig could carry at most one bear .
no Duke could move to more than nine engines .
no Duke could move to at least nine engines .
no slave could exist without more than six pictures .
no slave could exist without at least six pictures .
no pig can exist without fewer than ten engines .
no pig can exist without at most ten engines .
no dinosaur could leave fewer than six waters .
no dinosaur could leave at most six waters .
no pig can open the door to fewer than twenty girls .
no pig can open the door to at most twenty girls .
no slave can move to more than six ways .
no slave can move to at least six ways .
no boat can leave fewer than twenty guys .
no boat can leave at most twenty guys .
no wolf can increase the size of fewer than nine bands .
no wolf can increase the size of at most nine bands .
no Duke could exist without more than six things .
no Duke could exist without at least six things .
no boat could leave fewer than six windows .
no boat could leave at most six windows .
no slave could carry fewer than twenty patterns .
no slave could carry at most twenty patterns .
no slave can increase the size of more than one toy .
no slave can increase the size of at least one toy .
no Duke can open the door to more than six eggs .
no Duke can open the door to at least six eggs .
no sister can stand on top of fewer than thirty windows .
no sister can stand on top of at most thirty windows .
no slave can move to fewer than ten babies .
no slave can move to at most ten babies .
no sister could catch fewer than twenty words .
no sister could catch at most twenty words .
no pig can leave fewer than thirty pages .
no pig can leave at most thirty pages .
no boat can increase the size of fewer than nine animals .
no boat can increase the size of at most nine animals .
no wolf can move to more than one lion .
no wolf can move to at least one lion .
no dinosaur can catch fewer than one foot .
no dinosaur can catch at most one foot .
no sister could increase the size of more than six whales .
no sister could increase the size of at least six whales .
no wolf could open the door to fewer than twenty stars .
no wolf could open the door to at most twenty stars .
no dinosaur can increase the size of fewer than thirty songs .
no dinosaur can increase the size of at most thirty songs .
no doctor can stand on top of more than twenty fingers .
no doctor can stand on top of at least twenty fingers .
no pig could increase the size of fewer than nine words .
no pig could increase the size of at most nine words .
no dinosaur could exist without fewer than thirty rings .
no dinosaur could exist without at most thirty rings .
no slave can stand on top of fewer than six lies .
no slave can stand on top of at most six lies .
no boat can stand on top of more than ten animals .
no boat can stand on top of at least ten animals .
no boat can open the door to fewer than one book .
no boat can open the door to at most one book .
no boat could move to more than thirty things .
no boat could move to at least thirty things .
no dinosaur could stand on top of fewer than thirty things .
no dinosaur could stand on top of at most thirty things .
no doctor can open the door to fewer than twenty stories .
no doctor can open the door to at most twenty stories .
no dinosaur could stand on top of more than thirty days .
no dinosaur could stand on top of at least thirty days .
no slave can increase the size of fewer than one water .
no slave can increase the size of at most one water .
no boat could open the door to fewer than thirty babies .
no boat could open the door to at most thirty babies .
no boat could stand on top of more than one stand .
no boat could stand on top of at least one stand .
no Duke can carry fewer than twenty girls .
no Duke can carry at most twenty girls .
no sister can stand on top of more than six lions .
no sister can stand on top of at least six lions .
no slave can carry more than thirty words .
no slave can carry at least thirty words .
no boat could catch more than nine lions .
no boat could catch at least nine lions .
no doctor could catch fewer than nine whales .
no doctor could catch at most nine whales .
no Duke can catch fewer than six types .
no Duke can catch at most six types .
no dinosaur can increase the size of fewer than thirty minutes .
no dinosaur can increase the size of at most thirty minutes .
no dinosaur could leave more than twenty children .
no dinosaur could leave at least twenty children .
no pig could carry fewer than six children .
no pig could carry at most six children .
no dinosaur could carry fewer than nine problems .
no dinosaur could carry at most nine problems .
no Duke can open the door to fewer than six hands .
no Duke can open the door to at most six hands .
no doctor can open the door to more than thirty parents .
no doctor can open the door to at least thirty parents .
no sister can move to more than nine eggs .
no sister can move to at least nine eggs .
no slave can increase the size of fewer than ten minutes .
no slave can increase the size of at most ten minutes .
no Duke could increase the size of fewer than thirty stars .
no Duke could increase the size of at most thirty stars .
no doctor could exist without more than one car .
no doctor could exist without at least one car .
no boat could catch fewer than six movies .
no boat could catch at most six movies .
no doctor can leave more than twenty stars .
no doctor can leave at least twenty stars .
no sister could stand on top of fewer than nine windows .
no sister could stand on top of at most nine windows .
no sister could leave more than thirty bears .
no sister could leave at least thirty bears .
no wolf can move to fewer than ten parents .
no wolf can move to at most ten parents .
no boat could increase the size of more than nine animals .
no boat could increase the size of at least nine animals .
no wolf could open the door to fewer than ten calls .
no wolf could open the door to at most ten calls .
no boat can increase the size of fewer than six waters .
no boat can increase the size of at most six waters .
no wolf can move to more than ten problems .
no wolf can move to at least ten problems .
no sister can stand on top of more than nine children .
no sister can stand on top of at least nine children .
no slave could increase the size of more than ten pictures .
no slave could increase the size of at least ten pictures .
no pig could open the door to more than nine rings .
no pig could open the door to at least nine rings .
no dinosaur could increase the size of more than twenty waters .
no dinosaur could increase the size of at least twenty waters .
no wolf could leave fewer than thirty songs .
no wolf could leave at most thirty songs .
no doctor could open the door to fewer than twenty cars .
no doctor could open the door to at most twenty cars .
no dinosaur can move to more than nine books .
no dinosaur can move to at least nine books .
no Duke can stand on top of fewer than six feet .
no Duke can stand on top of at most six feet .
no dinosaur could carry more than six bears .
no dinosaur could carry at least six bears .
no slave could stand on top of fewer than one whale .
no slave could stand on top of at most one whale .
no slave can catch fewer than six stands .
no slave can catch at most six stands .
no dinosaur could leave more than six songs .
no dinosaur could leave at least six songs .
no boat could stand on top of more than six things .
no boat could stand on top of at least six things .
no dinosaur can carry more than nine boats .
no dinosaur can carry at least nine boats .
no boat can catch fewer than thirty waters .
no boat can catch at most thirty waters .
no dinosaur can move to more than nine parents .
no dinosaur can move to at least nine parents .
no wolf can increase the size of more than twenty windows .
no wolf can increase the size of at least twenty windows .
no dinosaur can catch more than one star .
no dinosaur can catch at least one star .
no wolf can catch fewer than twenty minutes .
no wolf can catch at most twenty minutes .
no boat can increase the size of more than twenty dollars .
no boat can increase the size of at least twenty dollars .
no sister could stand on top of more than one call .
no sister could stand on top of at least one call .
no pig can catch more than one hand .
no pig can catch at least one hand .
no sister could catch more than nine minutes .
no sister could catch at least nine minutes .
no dinosaur can increase the size of fewer than one baby .
no dinosaur can increase the size of at most one baby .
no slave can catch fewer than six colors .
no slave can catch at most six colors .
no pig can increase the size of fewer than one problem .
no pig can increase the size of at most one problem .
no sister could open the door to more than twenty hands .
no sister could open the door to at least twenty hands .
no boat can open the door to fewer than thirty hands .
no boat can open the door to at most thirty hands .
no dinosaur could catch more than nine babies .
no dinosaur could catch at least nine babies .
no dinosaur could open the door to more than one movie .
no dinosaur could open the door to at least one movie .
no boat can increase the size of more than six bands .
no boat can increase the size of at least six bands .
no boat can stand on top of more than nine animals .
no boat can stand on top of at least nine animals .
no doctor could open the door to more than six eggs .
no doctor could open the door to at least six eggs .
no wolf can exist without fewer than twenty birds .
no wolf can exist without at most twenty birds .
no boat could exist without more than six minutes .
no boat could exist without at least six minutes .
no sister could move to fewer than ten lies .
no sister could move to at most ten lies .
no boat can open the door to more than nine words .
no boat can open the door to at least nine words .
no slave can stand on top of fewer than six calls .
no slave can stand on top of at most six calls .
no sister could stand on top of fewer than ten horses .
no sister could stand on top of at most ten horses .
no sister could increase the size of fewer than one page .
no sister could increase the size of at most one page .
no sister can exist without more than six engines .
no sister can exist without at least six engines .
no dinosaur can open the door to more than twenty ways .
no dinosaur can open the door to at least twenty ways .
no wolf could leave more than nine whales .
no wolf could leave at least nine whales .
no Duke could open the door to fewer than thirty birds .
no Duke could open the door to at most thirty birds .
no sister can increase the size of more than ten whales .
no sister can increase the size of at least ten whales .
no slave could catch more than ten books .
no slave could catch at least ten books .
no boat could leave more than one baby .
no boat could leave at least one baby .
no doctor could move to more than one finger .
no doctor could move to at least one finger .
no boat can open the door to more than thirty problems .
no boat can open the door to at least thirty problems .
no boat could increase the size of more than twenty restaurants .
no boat could increase the size of at least twenty restaurants .
no slave can carry fewer than six arms .
no slave can carry at most six arms .
no boat could leave more than nine dogs .
no boat could leave at least nine dogs .
no slave could exist without more than ten guys .
no slave could exist without at least ten guys .
no Duke can stand on top of more than twenty dollars .
no Duke can stand on top of at least twenty dollars .
no wolf could move to more than ten cars .
no wolf could move to at least ten cars .
no Duke could exist without fewer than ten days .
no Duke could exist without at most ten days .
no sister could move to more than six stands .
no sister could move to at least six stands .
no Duke could leave more than one pattern .
no Duke could leave at least one pattern .
no sister can leave more than six eggs .
no sister can leave at least six eggs .
no dinosaur can stand on top of more than nine lions .
no dinosaur can stand on top of at least nine lions .
no Duke could carry fewer than one toy .
no Duke could carry at most one toy .
no wolf could catch fewer than thirty bits .
no wolf could catch at most thirty bits .
no doctor could open the door to more than ten windows .
no doctor could open the door to at least ten windows .
no dinosaur can exist without fewer than one finger .
no dinosaur can exist without at most one finger .
no sister could stand on top of fewer than ten words .
no sister could stand on top of at most ten words .
no slave could open the door to more than nine windows .
no slave could open the door to at least nine windows .
no doctor can increase the size of more than thirty bits .
no doctor can increase the size of at least thirty bits .
no slave could move to fewer than nine kings .
no slave could move to at most nine kings .
no slave can leave fewer than six minutes .
no slave can leave at most six minutes .
no dinosaur can leave fewer than nine children .
no dinosaur can leave at most nine children .
no slave could catch more than nine calls .
no slave could catch at least nine calls .
no slave can leave more than twenty engines .
no slave can leave at least twenty engines .
no slave can leave fewer than one pattern .
no slave can leave at most one pattern .
no sister can stand on top of more than thirty engines .
no sister can stand on top of at least thirty engines .
no wolf can stand on top of fewer than twenty movies .
no wolf can stand on top of at most twenty movies .
no dinosaur can carry more than six songs .
no dinosaur can carry at least six songs .
no wolf can carry fewer than ten fingers .
no wolf can carry at most ten fingers .
no sister can carry more than ten whales .
no sister can carry at least ten whales .
no sister can exist without fewer than twenty children .
no sister can exist without at most twenty children .
no slave could exist without fewer than thirty feet .
no slave could exist without at most thirty feet .
no wolf can carry fewer than six bones .
no wolf can carry at most six bones .
no wolf can exist without more than one child .
no wolf can exist without at least one child .
no doctor could leave more than twenty pictures .
no doctor could leave at least twenty pictures .
no slave can carry fewer than thirty movies .
no slave can carry at most thirty movies .
no pig could exist without fewer than six eggs .
no pig could exist without at most six eggs .
no pig can move to more than twenty parents .
no pig can move to at least twenty parents .
no dinosaur could move to fewer than one engine .
no dinosaur could move to at most one engine .
no doctor could leave fewer than nine guys .
no doctor could leave at most nine guys .
no Duke could exist without fewer than ten hands .
no Duke could exist without at most ten hands .
no sister could carry more than nine dogs .
no sister could carry at least nine dogs .
no dinosaur can catch fewer than ten patterns .
no dinosaur can catch at most ten patterns .
no doctor could stand on top of fewer than twenty kings .
no doctor could stand on top of at most twenty kings .
no Duke can open the door to fewer than thirty stands .
no Duke can open the door to at most thirty stands .
no Duke can open the door to fewer than one egg .
no Duke can open the door to at most one egg .
no dinosaur could catch more than ten feet .
no dinosaur could catch at least ten feet .
no doctor can increase the size of more than ten colors .
no doctor can increase the size of at least ten colors .
no pig can increase the size of more than nine things .
no pig can increase the size of at least nine things .
no pig can exist without fewer than thirty animals .
no pig can exist without at most thirty animals .
no Duke could leave fewer than nine dogs .
no Duke could leave at most nine dogs .
no doctor can catch fewer than twenty animals .
no doctor can catch at most twenty animals .
no slave can carry fewer than twenty pictures .
no slave can carry at most twenty pictures .
no dinosaur can exist without more than six lions .
no dinosaur can exist without at least six lions .
no dinosaur can exist without fewer than six girls .
no dinosaur can exist without at most six girls .
no dinosaur could catch more than six toys .
no dinosaur could catch at least six toys .
no wolf could leave fewer than one animal .
no wolf could leave at most one animal .
no dinosaur could carry fewer than twenty guys .
no dinosaur could carry at most twenty guys .
no slave could catch fewer than twenty restaurants .
no slave could catch at most twenty restaurants .
no slave could exist without fewer than six stars .
no slave could exist without at most six stars .
no pig could leave more than nine bears .
no pig could leave at least nine bears .
no sister could move to more than one band .
no sister could move to at least one band .
no pig could stand on top of fewer than thirty boats .
no pig could stand on top of at most thirty boats .
no pig can exist without fewer than thirty lies .
no pig can exist without at most thirty lies .
no wolf can catch more than thirty hands .
no wolf can catch at least thirty hands .
no dinosaur could leave more than nine bits .
no dinosaur could leave at least nine bits .
no wolf could exist without more than ten lions .
no wolf could exist without at least ten lions .
no sister could stand on top of more than one car .
no sister could stand on top of at least one car .
no sister could catch fewer than nine cars .
no sister could catch at most nine cars .
no Duke can move to more than ten bands .
no Duke can move to at least ten bands .
no doctor could move to more than one problem .
no doctor could move to at least one problem .
no pig can move to more than thirty stands .
no pig can move to at least thirty stands .
no boat could open the door to more than twenty whales .
no boat could open the door to at least twenty whales .
no wolf can stand on top of more than one minute .
no wolf can stand on top of at least one minute .
no wolf can leave more than ten differences .
no wolf can leave at least ten differences .
no wolf can move to fewer than one bit .
no wolf can move to at most one bit .
no slave could open the door to fewer than twenty waters .
no slave could open the door to at most twenty waters .
no Duke could open the door to more than one girl .
no Duke could open the door to at least one girl .
no doctor can open the door to fewer than six horses .
no doctor can open the door to at most six horses .
no Duke could increase the size of more than thirty bones .
no Duke could increase the size of at least thirty bones .
no doctor can increase the size of fewer than nine bones .
no doctor can increase the size of at most nine bones .
no sister could increase the size of fewer than one bird .
no sister could increase the size of at most one bird .
no pig could carry fewer than six girls .
no pig could carry at most six girls .
no dinosaur could exist without fewer than nine animals .
no dinosaur could exist without at most nine animals .
no dinosaur could exist without more than nine hands .
no dinosaur could exist without at least nine hands .
no dinosaur can open the door to fewer than one car .
no dinosaur can open the door to at most one car .
no doctor could increase the size of fewer than one minute .
no doctor could increase the size of at most one minute .
no pig can open the door to fewer than nine animals .
no pig can open the door to at most nine animals .
no pig can increase the size of more than six feet .
no pig can increase the size of at least six feet .
no sister can exist without more than six eggs .
no sister can exist without at least six eggs .
no pig could move to fewer than six bears .
no pig could move to at most six bears .
no wolf could stand on top of more than thirty days .
no wolf could stand on top of at least thirty days .
no pig could move to more than thirty problems .
no pig could move to at least thirty problems .
no sister can increase the size of more than nine bones .
no sister can increase the size of at least nine bones .
no boat could move to fewer than six animals .
no boat could move to at most six animals .
no wolf can leave fewer than twenty windows .
no wolf can leave at most twenty windows .
no doctor could leave fewer than twenty ways .
no doctor could leave at most twenty ways .
no dinosaur could increase the size of fewer than ten eggs .
no dinosaur could increase the size of at most ten eggs .
no dinosaur can catch fewer than thirty stands .
no dinosaur can catch at most thirty stands .
no wolf could catch more than nine restaurants .
no wolf could catch at least nine restaurants .
no wolf can carry more than six calls .
no wolf can carry at least six calls .
no sister could exist without more than thirty stars .
no sister could exist without at least thirty stars .
no pig could carry fewer than twenty kings .
no pig could carry at most twenty kings .
no wolf can open the door to more than ten books .
no wolf can open the door to at least ten books .
no pig can leave more than ten things .
no pig can leave at least ten things .
no doctor could increase the size of fewer than ten guys .
no doctor could increase the size of at most ten guys .
no wolf could exist without fewer than nine dogs .
no wolf could exist without at most nine dogs .
no pig can exist without more than ten stories .
no pig can exist without at least ten stories .
no wolf can increase the size of fewer than ten things .
no wolf can increase the size of at most ten things .
no Duke could open the door to fewer than ten ways .
no Duke could open the door to at most ten ways .
no Duke can exist without more than nine calls .
no Duke can exist without at least nine calls .
no doctor could catch fewer than six words .
no doctor could catch at most six words .
no pig could stand on top of more than six dogs .
no pig could stand on top of at least six dogs .
no wolf could carry fewer than six stands .
no wolf could carry at most six stands .
no wolf can stand on top of more than one page .
no wolf can stand on top of at least one page .
no Duke could leave more than thirty parents .
no Duke could leave at least thirty parents .
no dinosaur could open the door to fewer than nine engines .
no dinosaur could open the door to at most nine engines .
no Duke could stand on top of fewer than ten parents .
no Duke could stand on top of at most ten parents .
no doctor could stand on top of fewer than ten stories .
no doctor could stand on top of at most ten stories .
no Duke can move to fewer than ten engines .
no Duke can move to at most ten engines .
no boat could exist without fewer than six parents .
no boat could exist without at most six parents .
no wolf can catch fewer than thirty animals .
no wolf can catch at most thirty animals .
no pig could catch more than thirty waters .
no pig could catch at least thirty waters .
no wolf can exist without more than ten pictures .
no wolf can exist without at least ten pictures .
no pig could exist without fewer than six dollars .
no pig could exist without at most six dollars .
no dinosaur could carry more than nine words .
no dinosaur could carry at least nine words .
no pig could stand on top of fewer than twenty birds .
no pig could stand on top of at most twenty birds .
no dinosaur could move to more than one difference .
no dinosaur could move to at least one difference .
no pig can increase the size of more than twenty colors .
no pig can increase the size of at least twenty colors .
no boat can exist without fewer than one hand .
no boat can exist without at most one hand .
no sister can increase the size of fewer than nine differences .
no sister can increase the size of at most nine differences .
no boat can stand on top of more than ten dollars .
no boat can stand on top of at least ten dollars .
no pig can open the door to fewer than thirty waters .
no pig can open the door to at most thirty waters .
no doctor can move to fewer than ten days .
no doctor can move to at most ten days .
no pig can exist without more than nine feet .
no pig can exist without at least nine feet .
no doctor could leave more than twenty whales .
no doctor could leave at least twenty whales .
no sister can carry fewer than six cars .
no sister can carry at most six cars .
no sister can stand on top of more than nine dollars .
no sister can stand on top of at least nine dollars .
no boat can carry fewer than six bits .
no boat can carry at most six bits .
no sister can stand on top of more than twenty lions .
no sister can stand on top of at least twenty lions .
no Duke could catch more than one color .
no Duke could catch at least one color .
no slave could catch more than nine eggs .
no slave could catch at least nine eggs .
no slave could increase the size of fewer than twenty animals .
no slave could increase the size of at most twenty animals .
no dinosaur can increase the size of fewer than one page .
no dinosaur can increase the size of at most one page .
no slave could increase the size of fewer than thirty things .
no slave could increase the size of at most thirty things .
no dinosaur could open the door to more than ten movies .
no dinosaur could open the door to at least ten movies .
no dinosaur can open the door to more than one type .
no dinosaur can open the door to at least one type .
no dinosaur could increase the size of more than six bears .
no dinosaur could increase the size of at least six bears .
no pig can exist without more than one finger .
no pig can exist without at least one finger .
no Duke can increase the size of fewer than thirty guys .
no Duke can increase the size of at most thirty guys .
no slave can catch fewer than ten bones .
no slave can catch at most ten bones .
no pig could carry fewer than six cars .
no pig could carry at most six cars .
no wolf could carry fewer than one dog .
no wolf could carry at most one dog .
no dinosaur can leave fewer than nine pictures .
no dinosaur can leave at most nine pictures .
no pig could leave more than one lie .
no pig could leave at least one lie .
no slave could catch fewer than one animal .
no slave could catch at most one animal .
no pig could move to more than six words .
no pig could move to at least six words .
no pig can stand on top of fewer than nine hands .
no pig can stand on top of at most nine hands .
no slave could carry fewer than twenty differences .
no slave could carry at most twenty differences .
no dinosaur can exist without fewer than thirty stands .
no dinosaur can exist without at most thirty stands .
no doctor could open the door to fewer than twenty pages .
no doctor could open the door to at most twenty pages .
no dinosaur can stand on top of more than ten bits .
no dinosaur can stand on top of at least ten bits .
no doctor could open the door to more than thirty types .
no doctor could open the door to at least thirty types .
no doctor can exist without fewer than nine waters .
no doctor can exist without at most nine waters .
no Duke can increase the size of more than ten boats .
no Duke can increase the size of at least ten boats .
no dinosaur can leave more than six eggs .
no dinosaur can leave at least six eggs .
no boat could stand on top of more than nine bones .
no boat could stand on top of at least nine bones .
no sister can carry more than twenty ways .
no sister can carry at least twenty ways .
no pig could exist without fewer than ten bands .
no pig could exist without at most ten bands .
no slave can stand on top of fewer than six children .
no slave can stand on top of at most six children .
no slave could move to more than six waters .
no slave could move to at least six waters .
no pig could increase the size of more than thirty fingers .
no pig could increase the size of at least thirty fingers .
no wolf can move to more than one dollar .
no wolf can move to at least one dollar .
no Duke can move to fewer than twenty dollars .
no Duke can move to at most twenty dollars .
no Duke could carry fewer than ten guys .
no Duke could carry at most ten guys .
no pig could move to more than twenty horses .
no pig could move to at least twenty horses .
no doctor could exist without fewer than nine differences .
no doctor could exist without at most nine differences .
no Duke can carry more than twenty restaurants .
no Duke can carry at least twenty restaurants .
no Duke could catch fewer than thirty calls .
no Duke could catch at most thirty calls .
no Duke can carry more than thirty eggs .
no Duke can carry at least thirty eggs .
no pig could move to more than six differences .
no pig could move to at least six differences .
no sister can leave more than ten arms .
no sister can leave at least ten arms .
no wolf can open the door to more than nine songs .
no wolf can open the door to at least nine songs .
no Duke could increase the size of more than twenty arms .
no Duke could increase the size of at least twenty arms .
no Duke could move to fewer than thirty stories .
no Duke could move to at most thirty stories .
no Duke can leave fewer than twenty songs .
no Duke can leave at most twenty songs .
no dinosaur can exist without fewer than ten books .
no dinosaur can exist without at most ten books .
no doctor can exist without fewer than twenty lions .
no doctor can exist without at most twenty lions .
no boat can move to fewer than ten days .
no boat can move to at most ten days .
no wolf could carry more than one boat .
no wolf could carry at least one boat .
no sister could exist without more than ten cars .
no sister could exist without at least ten cars .
no sister can catch more than ten ways .
no sister can catch at least ten ways .
no dinosaur can leave more than ten windows .
no dinosaur can leave at least ten windows .
no sister can increase the size of fewer than thirty bits .
no sister can increase the size of at most thirty bits .
no dinosaur could move to fewer than nine dollars .
no dinosaur could move to at most nine dollars .
no doctor could exist without fewer than nine waters .
no doctor could exist without at most nine waters .
no boat can move to more than one day .
no boat can move to at least one day .
no wolf could carry more than thirty minutes .
no wolf could carry at least thirty minutes .
no slave can stand on top of more than twenty patterns .
no slave can stand on top of at least twenty patterns .
no pig can exist without fewer than thirty ways .
no pig can exist without at most thirty ways .
no doctor can increase the size of fewer than nine children .
no doctor can increase the size of at most nine children .
no sister could exist without more than thirty kings .
no sister could exist without at least thirty kings .
no doctor can exist without fewer than one animal .
no doctor can exist without at most one animal .
no sister can exist without fewer than six hands .
no sister can exist without at most six hands .
no boat could catch more than nine arms .
no boat could catch at least nine arms .
no dinosaur can catch fewer than six babies .
no dinosaur can catch at most six babies .
no pig could exist without fewer than six rings .
no pig could exist without at most six rings .
no pig could catch fewer than six cars .
no pig could catch at most six cars .
no Duke can stand on top of fewer than nine problems .
no Duke can stand on top of at most nine problems .
no Duke can open the door to more than six children .
no Duke can open the door to at least six children .
no dinosaur can move to more than twenty pictures .
no dinosaur can move to at least twenty pictures .
no slave could increase the size of more than one whale .
no slave could increase the size of at least one whale .
no slave could exist without more than one call .
no slave could exist without at least one call .
no wolf could exist without fewer than one bird .
no wolf could exist without at most one bird .
no dinosaur could open the door to more than one bit .
no dinosaur could open the door to at least one bit .
no dinosaur could move to fewer than thirty ways .
no dinosaur could move to at most thirty ways .
no Duke could stand on top of fewer than six lions .
no Duke could stand on top of at most six lions .
no doctor could open the door to fewer than six things .
no doctor could open the door to at most six things .
no doctor can increase the size of more than twenty parents .
no doctor can increase the size of at least twenty parents .
no doctor can open the door to more than twenty days .
no doctor can open the door to at least twenty days .
no sister could leave more than thirty ways .
no sister could leave at least thirty ways .
no boat can increase the size of more than nine eggs .
no boat can increase the size of at least nine eggs .
no dinosaur could leave fewer than ten stars .
no dinosaur could leave at most ten stars .
no slave could exist without fewer than thirty engines .
no slave could exist without at most thirty engines .
no doctor could stand on top of fewer than twenty pictures .
no doctor could stand on top of at most twenty pictures .
no wolf can carry fewer than ten engines .
no wolf can carry at most ten engines .
no Duke can exist without more than twenty problems .
no Duke can exist without at least twenty problems .
no pig can increase the size of fewer than thirty days .
no pig can increase the size of at most thirty days .
no slave can catch more than one foot .
no slave can catch at least one foot .
no wolf can carry more than twenty dogs .
no wolf can carry at least twenty dogs .
no Duke can catch more than twenty kings .
no Duke can catch at least twenty kings .
no pig can exist without more than nine stories .
no pig can exist without at least nine stories .
no boat could open the door to fewer than ten eggs .
no boat could open the door to at most ten eggs .
no sister can move to fewer than thirty birds .
no sister can move to at most thirty birds .
no Duke can increase the size of more than six books .
no Duke can increase the size of at least six books .
no doctor can exist without fewer than nine patterns .
no doctor can exist without at most nine patterns .
no dinosaur can carry fewer than nine bears .
no dinosaur can carry at most nine bears .
no boat can open the door to fewer than ten lions .
no boat can open the door to at most ten lions .
no boat can stand on top of more than six things .
no boat can stand on top of at least six things .
no pig can leave fewer than ten bands .
no pig can leave at most ten bands .
no Duke could open the door to fewer than one bone .
no Duke could open the door to at most one bone .
no slave can catch more than twenty fingers .
no slave can catch at least twenty fingers .
no boat can exist without fewer than ten parents .
no boat can exist without at most ten parents .
no dinosaur can carry fewer than six dogs .
no dinosaur can carry at most six dogs .
no wolf can exist without more than ten lies .
no wolf can exist without at least ten lies .
no wolf can catch more than ten problems .
no wolf can catch at least ten problems .
no dinosaur can increase the size of more than ten stories .
no dinosaur can increase the size of at least ten stories .
no wolf could carry fewer than nine types .
no wolf could carry at most nine types .
no wolf could increase the size of fewer than six pictures .
no wolf could increase the size of at most six pictures .
no sister could catch more than nine things .
no sister could catch at least nine things .
no Duke can exist without fewer than one animal .
no Duke can exist without at most one animal .
no doctor can exist without more than ten stories .
no doctor can exist without at least ten stories .
no Duke could open the door to more than twenty lions .
no Duke could open the door to at least twenty lions .
no boat could open the door to more than thirty stories .
no boat could open the door to at least thirty stories .
no sister could exist without fewer than ten movies .
no sister could exist without at most ten movies .
no dinosaur could open the door to more than six bears .
no dinosaur could open the door to at least six bears .
no Duke could exist without more than nine eggs .
no Duke could exist without at least nine eggs .
no wolf can increase the size of fewer than one parent .
no wolf can increase the size of at most one parent .
no slave can exist without fewer than twenty dogs .
no slave can exist without at most twenty dogs .
no dinosaur could move to more than six minutes .
no dinosaur could move to at least six minutes .
no wolf could increase the size of fewer than ten restaurants .
no wolf could increase the size of at most ten restaurants .
no boat can carry more than one animal .
no boat can carry at least one animal .
no slave could carry fewer than one child .
no slave could carry at most one child .
no slave could move to fewer than six songs .
no slave could move to at most six songs .
no Duke could stand on top of fewer than twenty problems .
no Duke could stand on top of at most twenty problems .
no Duke could stand on top of fewer than twenty feet .
no Duke could stand on top of at most twenty feet .
no boat can increase the size of fewer than nine types .
no boat can increase the size of at most nine types .
no pig could exist without fewer than nine horses .
no pig could exist without at most nine horses .
no pig could carry more than thirty bears .
no pig could carry at least thirty bears .
no Duke could catch fewer than one lie .
no Duke could catch at most one lie .
no Duke can leave more than ten fingers .
no Duke can leave at least ten fingers .
no slave could move to more than thirty dollars .
no slave could move to at least thirty dollars .
no sister could carry more than nine stories .
no sister could carry at least nine stories .
no wolf can move to fewer than one bird .
no wolf can move to at most one bird .
no doctor could catch fewer than thirty waters .
no doctor could catch at most thirty waters .
no doctor can open the door to more than six animals .
no doctor can open the door to at least six animals .
no wolf can open the door to more than ten children .
no wolf can open the door to at least ten children .
no doctor could catch more than nine bears .
no doctor could catch at least nine bears .
no sister can exist without more than thirty fingers .
no sister can exist without at least thirty fingers .
no pig can open the door to more than nine animals .
no pig can open the door to at least nine animals .
no slave could leave more than twenty engines .
no slave could leave at least twenty engines .
no boat could leave fewer than six kings .
no boat could leave at most six kings .
no slave can exist without fewer than six stars .
no slave can exist without at most six stars .
no sister could exist without more than nine movies .
no sister could exist without at least nine movies .
no dinosaur can carry fewer than nine whales .
no dinosaur can carry at most nine whales .
no dinosaur can move to more than ten windows .
no dinosaur can move to at least ten windows .
no Duke can catch fewer than ten animals .
no Duke can catch at most ten animals .
no slave could open the door to more than one toy .
no slave could open the door to at least one toy .
no boat can open the door to more than thirty books .
no boat can open the door to at least thirty books .
no boat can catch more than ten minutes .
no boat can catch at least ten minutes .
no doctor could catch fewer than ten bears .
no doctor could catch at most ten bears .
no sister could increase the size of more than thirty children .
no sister could increase the size of at least thirty children .
no dinosaur can carry more than twenty feet .
no dinosaur can carry at least twenty feet .
no boat can open the door to fewer than nine boats .
no boat can open the door to at most nine boats .
no sister can move to fewer than nine animals .
no sister can move to at most nine animals .
no sister can exist without fewer than nine patterns .
no sister can exist without at most nine patterns .
no dinosaur could exist without fewer than nine words .
no dinosaur could exist without at most nine words .
no Duke can carry more than one type .
no Duke can carry at least one type .
no boat can increase the size of more than nine lions .
no boat can increase the size of at least nine lions .
no sister could stand on top of fewer than thirty restaurants .
no sister could stand on top of at most thirty restaurants .
no pig can increase the size of more than nine waters .
no pig can increase the size of at least nine waters .
no doctor can stand on top of fewer than thirty bears .
no doctor can stand on top of at most thirty bears .
no dinosaur can move to fewer than twenty birds .
no dinosaur can move to at most twenty birds .
no pig can stand on top of more than thirty ways .
no pig can stand on top of at least thirty ways .
no boat can stand on top of fewer than twenty guys .
no boat can stand on top of at most twenty guys .
no wolf could stand on top of more than nine eggs .
no wolf could stand on top of at least nine eggs .
no dinosaur can open the door to fewer than one toy .
no dinosaur can open the door to at most one toy .
no doctor could open the door to fewer than nine dogs .
no doctor could open the door to at most nine dogs .
no sister could stand on top of fewer than one water .
no sister could stand on top of at most one water .
no Duke can exist without more than nine rings .
no Duke can exist without at least nine rings .
no doctor could carry fewer than ten restaurants .
no doctor could carry at most ten restaurants .
no sister can catch fewer than thirty stories .
no sister can catch at most thirty stories .
no dinosaur can stand on top of fewer than nine restaurants .
no dinosaur can stand on top of at most nine restaurants .
no sister can catch fewer than twenty rings .
no sister can catch at most twenty rings .
no boat could increase the size of more than one girl .
no boat could increase the size of at least one girl .
no wolf can stand on top of more than ten animals .
no wolf can stand on top of at least ten animals .
no Duke could move to more than twenty books .
no Duke could move to at least twenty books .
no slave can move to more than nine songs .
no slave can move to at least nine songs .
no dinosaur can stand on top of more than six animals .
no dinosaur can stand on top of at least six animals .
no slave can move to more than ten lies .
no slave can move to at least ten lies .
no doctor could catch fewer than one water .
no doctor could catch at most one water .
no pig could increase the size of more than nine arms .
no pig could increase the size of at least nine arms .
no doctor can exist without more than twenty stars .
no doctor can exist without at least twenty stars .
no wolf can carry more than nine movies .
no wolf can carry at least nine movies .
no doctor can catch more than six fingers .
no doctor can catch at least six fingers .
no pig could carry fewer than thirty patterns .
no pig could carry at most thirty patterns .
no boat can open the door to fewer than ten colors .
no boat can open the door to at most ten colors .
no sister could exist without more than twenty songs .
no sister could exist without at least twenty songs .
no boat can increase the size of fewer than six girls .
no boat can increase the size of at most six girls .
no sister can stand on top of fewer than one egg .
no sister can stand on top of at most one egg .
no boat could increase the size of fewer than nine toys .
no boat could increase the size of at most nine toys .
no Duke could catch fewer than ten cars .
no Duke could catch at most ten cars .
no pig can catch more than nine stands .
no pig can catch at least nine stands .
no wolf could increase the size of more than ten feet .
no wolf could increase the size of at least ten feet .
no boat could increase the size of more than nine things .
no boat could increase the size of at least nine things .
no Duke can increase the size of more than thirty arms .
no Duke can increase the size of at least thirty arms .
no Duke could leave fewer than ten waters .
no Duke could leave at most ten waters .
no Duke can exist without fewer than thirty stands .
no Duke can exist without at most thirty stands .
no pig could exist without more than ten ways .
no pig could exist without at least ten ways .
no slave can catch fewer than thirty lies .
no slave can catch at most thirty lies .
no Duke can stand on top of more than ten colors .
no Duke can stand on top of at least ten colors .
no wolf can exist without more than one foot .
no wolf can exist without at least one foot .
no sister can increase the size of more than twenty things .
no sister can increase the size of at least twenty things .
no Duke can move to more than thirty fingers .
no Duke can move to at least thirty fingers .
no doctor can move to fewer than ten rings .
no doctor can move to at most ten rings .
no dinosaur can exist without more than nine birds .
no dinosaur can exist without at least nine birds .
no wolf can increase the size of fewer than six types .
no wolf can increase the size of at most six types .
no Duke can increase the size of more than ten feet .
no Duke can increase the size of at least ten feet .
no dinosaur can move to more than one minute .
no dinosaur can move to at least one minute .
no slave can catch more than one engine .
no slave can catch at least one engine .
no boat could open the door to more than six words .
no boat could open the door to at least six words .
no boat could open the door to more than twenty pictures .
no boat could open the door to at least twenty pictures .
no pig can open the door to more than nine dogs .
no pig can open the door to at least nine dogs .
no dinosaur can move to more than thirty dollars .
no dinosaur can move to at least thirty dollars .
no Duke can catch fewer than ten movies .
no Duke can catch at most ten movies .
no slave could stand on top of fewer than thirty calls .
no slave could stand on top of at most thirty calls .
no wolf can increase the size of more than twenty engines .
no wolf can increase the size of at least twenty engines .
no slave could move to fewer than ten stands .
no slave could move to at most ten stands .
no dinosaur could open the door to more than ten words .
no dinosaur could open the door to at least ten words .
no Duke could exist without fewer than thirty dollars .
no Duke could exist without at most thirty dollars .
no Duke can carry more than ten parents .
no Duke can carry at least ten parents .
no doctor could move to more than thirty toys .
no doctor could move to at least thirty toys .
no boat could open the door to more than six songs .
no boat could open the door to at least six songs .
no sister could leave fewer than twenty hands .
no sister could leave at most twenty hands .
no doctor could open the door to more than nine engines .
no doctor could open the door to at least nine engines .
no pig can open the door to more than twenty differences .
no pig can open the door to at least twenty differences .
no slave can increase the size of fewer than thirty parents .
no slave can increase the size of at most thirty parents .
no wolf could leave more than nine kings .
no wolf could leave at least nine kings .
no dinosaur could leave more than twenty songs .
no dinosaur could leave at least twenty songs .
no Duke can increase the size of more than nine dogs .
no Duke can increase the size of at least nine dogs .
no boat can carry fewer than thirty stories .
no boat can carry at most thirty stories .
no dinosaur can move to fewer than one call .
no dinosaur can move to at most one call .
no pig could stand on top of fewer than six days .
no pig could stand on top of at most six days .
no doctor can open the door to more than twenty bears .
no doctor can open the door to at least twenty bears .
no Duke could open the door to more than ten babies .
no Duke could open the door to at least ten babies .
no doctor could leave more than six types .
no doctor could leave at least six types .
no doctor can exist without fewer than nine animals .
no doctor can exist without at most nine animals .
no Duke could stand on top of fewer than twenty patterns .
no Duke could stand on top of at most twenty patterns .
no sister can move to more than six differences .
no sister can move to at least six differences .
no doctor can increase the size of more than ten hands .
no doctor can increase the size of at least ten hands .
no pig could leave more than twenty hands .
no pig could leave at least twenty hands .
no doctor could stand on top of fewer than ten eggs .
no doctor could stand on top of at most ten eggs .
no slave could leave fewer than twenty books .
no slave could leave at most twenty books .
no wolf can carry fewer than twenty toys .
no wolf can carry at most twenty toys .
no sister could leave more than thirty engines .
no sister could leave at least thirty engines .
no wolf can move to more than nine books .
no wolf can move to at least nine books .
no boat could carry more than thirty eggs .
no boat could carry at least thirty eggs .
no Duke can carry fewer than thirty stories .
no Duke can carry at most thirty stories .
no dinosaur could open the door to more than thirty colors .
no dinosaur could open the door to at least thirty colors .
no Duke could stand on top of more than thirty feet .
no Duke could stand on top of at least thirty feet .
no pig can catch fewer than nine minutes .
no pig can catch at most nine minutes .
no slave can move to fewer than nine restaurants .
no slave can move to at most nine restaurants .
no sister could catch fewer than one lion .
no sister could catch at most one lion .
no sister can move to fewer than thirty toys .
no sister can move to at most thirty toys .
no Duke could stand on top of fewer than six feet .
no Duke could stand on top of at most six feet .
no doctor could open the door to more than nine days .
no doctor could open the door to at least nine days .
no pig can increase the size of fewer than one book .
no pig can increase the size of at most one book .
no wolf could increase the size of more than one story .
no wolf could increase the size of at least one story .
no Duke can open the door to more than twenty pictures .
no Duke can open the door to at least twenty pictures .
no dinosaur can increase the size of more than twenty ways .
no dinosaur can increase the size of at least twenty ways .
no pig can stand on top of more than ten days .
no pig can stand on top of at least ten days .
no pig can open the door to more than nine horses .
no pig can open the door to at least nine horses .
no doctor can catch more than ten differences .
no doctor can catch at least ten differences .
no dinosaur can move to more than one horse .
no dinosaur can move to at least one horse .
no Duke could move to more than twenty windows .
no Duke could move to at least twenty windows .
no slave can carry fewer than ten lions .
no slave can carry at most ten lions .
no sister can increase the size of fewer than six fingers .
no sister can increase the size of at most six fingers .
no boat can open the door to more than nine restaurants .
no boat can open the door to at least nine restaurants .
no dinosaur could carry more than ten horses .
no dinosaur could carry at least ten horses .
no doctor can leave more than thirty boats .
no doctor can leave at least thirty boats .
no pig could stand on top of more than six kings .
no pig could stand on top of at least six kings .
no Duke can move to more than one minute .
no Duke can move to at least one minute .
no wolf can move to fewer than twenty dollars .
no wolf can move to at most twenty dollars .
no dinosaur could exist without more than six movies .
no dinosaur could exist without at least six movies .
no doctor could leave fewer than one arm .
no doctor could leave at most one arm .
no pig could catch fewer than one story .
no pig could catch at most one story .
no Duke can catch fewer than thirty minutes .
no Duke can catch at most thirty minutes .
no wolf could exist without fewer than one car .
no wolf could exist without at most one car .
no dinosaur can exist without more than ten days .
no dinosaur can exist without at least ten days .
no Duke could open the door to more than one toy .
no Duke could open the door to at least one toy .
no dinosaur could increase the size of more than thirty things .
no dinosaur could increase the size of at least thirty things .
no slave could leave more than six children .
no slave could leave at least six children .
no wolf can exist without more than nine days .
no wolf can exist without at least nine days .
no slave can catch fewer than twenty days .
no slave can catch at most twenty days .
no sister can carry more than six hands .
no sister can carry at least six hands .
no Duke could exist without more than thirty stands .
no Duke could exist without at least thirty stands .
no dinosaur could catch more than twenty horses .
no dinosaur could catch at least twenty horses .
no boat can stand on top of fewer than one finger .
no boat can stand on top of at most one finger .
no sister can carry more than six words .
no sister can carry at least six words .
no doctor can open the door to fewer than twenty windows .
no doctor can open the door to at most twenty windows .
no boat can increase the size of fewer than ten dollars .
no boat can increase the size of at most ten dollars .
no doctor could move to more than ten patterns .
no doctor could move to at least ten patterns .
no wolf could move to more than twenty animals .
no wolf could move to at least twenty animals .
no doctor could stand on top of more than nine eggs .
no doctor could stand on top of at least nine eggs .
no sister can carry fewer than thirty rings .
no sister can carry at most thirty rings .
no wolf can stand on top of more than nine arms .
no wolf can stand on top of at least nine arms .
no boat could move to fewer than thirty cars .
no boat could move to at most thirty cars .
no sister could stand on top of fewer than six things .
no sister could stand on top of at most six things .
no pig can stand on top of more than one boat .
no pig can stand on top of at least one boat .
no boat can catch more than nine dollars .
no boat can catch at least nine dollars .
no Duke can open the door to more than twenty books .
no Duke can open the door to at least twenty books .
no slave could catch fewer than nine children .
no slave could catch at most nine children .
no sister could leave more than ten minutes .
no sister could leave at least ten minutes .
no pig can increase the size of more than six guys .
no pig can increase the size of at least six guys .
no doctor can carry fewer than ten guys .
no doctor can carry at most ten guys .
no dinosaur could stand on top of more than six arms .
no dinosaur could stand on top of at least six arms .
no doctor could open the door to fewer than ten kings .
no doctor could open the door to at most ten kings .
no dinosaur could catch more than thirty waters .
no dinosaur could catch at least thirty waters .
no boat can stand on top of fewer than thirty minutes .
no boat can stand on top of at most thirty minutes .
no pig could leave more than ten colors .
no pig could leave at least ten colors .
no boat can move to more than twenty birds .
no boat can move to at least twenty birds .
no boat can increase the size of fewer than six lies .
no boat can increase the size of at most six lies .
no dinosaur could stand on top of more than nine bones .
no dinosaur could stand on top of at least nine bones .
no slave could leave fewer than ten feet .
no slave could leave at most ten feet .
no sister could catch more than thirty stands .
no sister could catch at least thirty stands .
no pig could open the door to more than ten boats .
no pig could open the door to at least ten boats .
no wolf could carry more than twenty movies .
no wolf could carry at least twenty movies .
no Duke could move to fewer than six lions .
no Duke could move to at most six lions .
no sister could stand on top of fewer than nine animals .
no sister could stand on top of at most nine animals .
no slave can catch fewer than thirty bits .
no slave can catch at most thirty bits .
no dinosaur could carry more than thirty days .
no dinosaur could carry at least thirty days .
no doctor can increase the size of fewer than nine pictures .
no doctor can increase the size of at most nine pictures .
no Duke can exist without more than one band .
no Duke can exist without at least one band .
no sister can carry more than nine dogs .
no sister can carry at least nine dogs .
no Duke could open the door to more than twenty rings .
no Duke could open the door to at least twenty rings .
no doctor can exist without fewer than one egg .
no doctor can exist without at most one egg .
no wolf can open the door to more than nine problems .
no wolf can open the door to at least nine problems .
no wolf can catch more than thirty books .
no wolf can catch at least thirty books .
no Duke could stand on top of more than thirty differences .
no Duke could stand on top of at least thirty differences .
no dinosaur can catch fewer than twenty bits .
no dinosaur can catch at most twenty bits .
no sister could open the door to fewer than twenty rings .
no sister could open the door to at most twenty rings .
no boat could open the door to more than ten pictures .
no boat could open the door to at least ten pictures .
no dinosaur could carry fewer than nine hands .
no dinosaur could carry at most nine hands .
no Duke can catch more than nine bears .
no Duke can catch at least nine bears .
no boat could catch more than one movie .
no boat could catch at least one movie .
no Duke can carry more than six waters .
no Duke can carry at least six waters .
no Duke can move to more than twenty movies .
no Duke can move to at least twenty movies .
no sister can leave fewer than nine patterns .
no sister can leave at most nine patterns .
no sister could stand on top of fewer than one animal .
no sister could stand on top of at most one animal .
no pig can move to more than six dogs .
no pig can move to at least six dogs .
no doctor could stand on top of more than thirty kings .
no doctor could stand on top of at least thirty kings .
no wolf could catch more than one movie .
no wolf could catch at least one movie .
no dinosaur could open the door to more than one animal .
no dinosaur could open the door to at least one animal .
no wolf can catch more than twenty minutes .
no wolf can catch at least twenty minutes .
no boat can move to fewer than thirty windows .
no boat can move to at most thirty windows .
no pig can move to fewer than one engine .
no pig can move to at most one engine .
no wolf could open the door to more than thirty whales .
no wolf could open the door to at least thirty whales .
no dinosaur could leave fewer than six engines .
no dinosaur could leave at most six engines .
no dinosaur can stand on top of more than twenty pictures .
no dinosaur can stand on top of at least twenty pictures .
no Duke could move to more than six stands .
no Duke could move to at least six stands .
no slave can catch fewer than six waters .
no slave can catch at most six waters .
no slave can catch more than ten babies .
no slave can catch at least ten babies .
no wolf can exist without fewer than nine rings .
no wolf can exist without at most nine rings .
no dinosaur can stand on top of fewer than twenty songs .
no dinosaur can stand on top of at most twenty songs .
no boat can stand on top of fewer than one song .
no boat can stand on top of at most one song .
no Duke could open the door to fewer than six stories .
no Duke could open the door to at most six stories .
no wolf could open the door to fewer than six waters .
no wolf could open the door to at most six waters .
no sister can open the door to fewer than six lies .
no sister can open the door to at most six lies .
no Duke can leave more than ten pictures .
no Duke can leave at least ten pictures .
no pig could carry more than one hand .
no pig could carry at least one hand .
no boat could move to fewer than nine ways .
no boat could move to at most nine ways .
no pig could move to fewer than thirty animals .
no pig could move to at most thirty animals .
no wolf could carry fewer than twenty eggs .
no wolf could carry at most twenty eggs .
no boat could carry fewer than ten patterns .
no boat could carry at most ten patterns .
no dinosaur can leave fewer than six rings .
no dinosaur can leave at most six rings .
no wolf could open the door to fewer than twenty animals .
no wolf could open the door to at most twenty animals .
no sister could exist without more than ten engines .
no sister could exist without at least ten engines .
no sister could catch more than ten things .
no sister could catch at least ten things .
no dinosaur could catch more than nine eggs .
no dinosaur could catch at least nine eggs .
no slave could increase the size of fewer than twenty patterns .
no slave could increase the size of at most twenty patterns .
no dinosaur can open the door to more than twenty lions .
no dinosaur can open the door to at least twenty lions .
no doctor can carry more than one parent .
no doctor can carry at least one parent .
no slave could increase the size of fewer than thirty stars .
no slave could increase the size of at most thirty stars .
no wolf can move to fewer than twenty animals .
no wolf can move to at most twenty animals .
no sister could carry fewer than one hand .
no sister could carry at most one hand .
no doctor can open the door to more than twenty dogs .
no doctor can open the door to at least twenty dogs .
no doctor can catch more than six lions .
no doctor can catch at least six lions .
no dinosaur could carry fewer than ten babies .
no dinosaur could carry at most ten babies .
no doctor could catch more than thirty songs .
no doctor could catch at least thirty songs .
no sister could exist without more than thirty bands .
no sister could exist without at least thirty bands .
no dinosaur could carry fewer than one girl .
no dinosaur could carry at most one girl .
no doctor could move to fewer than ten dollars .
no doctor could move to at most ten dollars .
no dinosaur can leave fewer than nine dogs .
no dinosaur can leave at most nine dogs .
no slave could exist without more than nine restaurants .
no slave could exist without at least nine restaurants .
no dinosaur could carry more than twenty hands .
no dinosaur could carry at least twenty hands .
no wolf can increase the size of fewer than ten animals .
no wolf can increase the size of at most ten animals .
no boat can catch more than six lies .
no boat can catch at least six lies .
no doctor can catch more than six lies .
no doctor can catch at least six lies .
no Duke could stand on top of fewer than ten hands .
no Duke could stand on top of at most ten hands .
no sister could open the door to more than six girls .
no sister could open the door to at least six girls .
no Duke can stand on top of fewer than nine types .
no Duke can stand on top of at most nine types .
no sister can leave more than ten horses .
no sister can leave at least ten horses .
no slave could stand on top of fewer than thirty lions .
no slave could stand on top of at most thirty lions .
no pig could move to more than twenty hands .
no pig could move to at least twenty hands .
no boat can exist without more than nine eggs .
no boat can exist without at least nine eggs .
no pig could leave more than twenty days .
no pig could leave at least twenty days .
no doctor could increase the size of more than thirty songs .
no doctor could increase the size of at least thirty songs .
no wolf can stand on top of fewer than thirty calls .
no wolf can stand on top of at most thirty calls .
no boat could stand on top of more than twenty babies .
no boat could stand on top of at least twenty babies .
no dinosaur could move to fewer than nine engines .
no dinosaur could move to at most nine engines .
no boat could leave more than thirty days .
no boat could leave at least thirty days .
no dinosaur can increase the size of more than thirty arms .
no dinosaur can increase the size of at least thirty arms .
no doctor could carry more than ten horses .
no doctor could carry at least ten horses .
no Duke can carry more than six windows .
no Duke can carry at least six windows .
no boat can stand on top of fewer than nine parents .
no boat can stand on top of at most nine parents .
no pig can leave fewer than thirty types .
no pig can leave at most thirty types .
no sister can leave fewer than thirty feet .
no sister can leave at most thirty feet .
no slave could leave more than twenty rings .
no slave could leave at least twenty rings .
no dinosaur can increase the size of fewer than twenty pictures .
no dinosaur can increase the size of at most twenty pictures .
no doctor can catch more than ten horses .
no doctor can catch at least ten horses .
no pig can catch fewer than thirty dogs .
no pig can catch at most thirty dogs .
no slave could open the door to more than one movie .
no slave could open the door to at least one movie .
no doctor can catch fewer than one song .
no doctor can catch at most one song .
no Duke can move to more than ten stands .
no Duke can move to at least ten stands .
no wolf can open the door to fewer than ten restaurants .
no wolf can open the door to at most ten restaurants .
no Duke could catch fewer than six bands .
no Duke could catch at most six bands .
no slave could leave fewer than six kings .
no slave could leave at most six kings .
no doctor can carry fewer than one toy .
no doctor can carry at most one toy .
no wolf could increase the size of more than nine horses .
no wolf could increase the size of at least nine horses .
no sister could open the door to more than ten minutes .
no sister could open the door to at least ten minutes .
no boat can stand on top of fewer than ten things .
no boat can stand on top of at most ten things .
no dinosaur can catch fewer than twenty bones .
no dinosaur can catch at most twenty bones .
no boat could leave more than twenty waters .
no boat could leave at least twenty waters .
no boat can carry more than one day .
no boat can carry at least one day .
no Duke can move to more than ten horses .
no Duke can move to at least ten horses .
no sister can exist without fewer than twenty minutes .
no sister can exist without at most twenty minutes .
no dinosaur can open the door to fewer than ten kings .
no dinosaur can open the door to at most ten kings .
no Duke could stand on top of more than thirty toys .
no Duke could stand on top of at least thirty toys .
no wolf could catch more than six days .
no wolf could catch at least six days .
no sister could catch more than six lies .
no sister could catch at least six lies .
no wolf could catch more than nine windows .
no wolf could catch at least nine windows .
no slave can open the door to more than twenty bits .
no slave can open the door to at least twenty bits .
no wolf can stand on top of more than one call .
no wolf can stand on top of at least one call .
no doctor can leave fewer than nine toys .
no doctor can leave at most nine toys .
no wolf can move to fewer than thirty stands .
no wolf can move to at most thirty stands .
no doctor can exist without fewer than six toys .
no doctor can exist without at most six toys .
no slave can increase the size of more than thirty dogs .
no slave can increase the size of at least thirty dogs .
no doctor can increase the size of fewer than twenty pages .
no doctor can increase the size of at most twenty pages .
no wolf can move to fewer than nine stars .
no wolf can move to at most nine stars .
no sister could move to fewer than thirty arms .
no sister could move to at most thirty arms .
no sister can catch more than six words .
no sister can catch at least six words .
no slave could stand on top of fewer than thirty arms .
no slave could stand on top of at most thirty arms .
no Duke could exist without fewer than one animal .
no Duke could exist without at most one animal .
no doctor can move to more than one dog .
no doctor can move to at least one dog .
no boat could leave fewer than ten stories .
no boat could leave at most ten stories .
no dinosaur could increase the size of more than one animal .
no dinosaur could increase the size of at least one animal .
no dinosaur can carry more than thirty stories .
no dinosaur can carry at least thirty stories .
no sister could leave more than ten books .
no sister could leave at least ten books .
no boat can stand on top of fewer than nine bits .
no boat can stand on top of at most nine bits .
no slave could exist without more than six patterns .
no slave could exist without at least six patterns .
no doctor could open the door to more than nine ways .
no doctor could open the door to at least nine ways .
no wolf can move to more than nine problems .
no wolf can move to at least nine problems .
no Duke can stand on top of fewer than nine ways .
no Duke can stand on top of at most nine ways .
no Duke can open the door to more than ten babies .
no Duke can open the door to at least ten babies .
no slave can open the door to more than nine things .
no slave can open the door to at least nine things .
no Duke could carry more than ten differences .
no Duke could carry at least ten differences .
no boat could leave more than thirty bones .
no boat could leave at least thirty bones .
no boat can stand on top of more than ten kings .
no boat can stand on top of at least ten kings .
no wolf could leave fewer than one type .
no wolf could leave at most one type .
no doctor could carry more than six boats .
no doctor could carry at least six boats .
no pig can exist without more than thirty arms .
no pig can exist without at least thirty arms .
no pig could move to fewer than twenty bears .
no pig could move to at most twenty bears .
no boat could open the door to more than six kings .
no boat could open the door to at least six kings .
no pig can catch fewer than twenty cars .
no pig can catch at most twenty cars .
no Duke could move to fewer than six dollars .
no Duke could move to at most six dollars .
no wolf could move to fewer than nine girls .
no wolf could move to at most nine girls .
no slave could exist without fewer than one lie .
no slave could exist without at most one lie .
no sister can stand on top of more than nine engines .
no sister can stand on top of at least nine engines .
no slave could increase the size of more than nine guys .
no slave could increase the size of at least nine guys .
no boat can exist without more than twenty days .
no boat can exist without at least twenty days .
no sister could move to more than thirty dogs .
no sister could move to at least thirty dogs .
no sister could increase the size of fewer than ten songs .
no sister could increase the size of at most ten songs .
no doctor can leave more than six cars .
no doctor can leave at least six cars .
no doctor can stand on top of more than six dollars .
no doctor can stand on top of at least six dollars .
no wolf can catch fewer than one lie .
no wolf can catch at most one lie .
no slave could increase the size of more than ten stories .
no slave could increase the size of at least ten stories .
no pig could catch more than one animal .
no pig could catch at least one animal .
no sister can move to more than nine parents .
no sister can move to at least nine parents .
no Duke can leave more than thirty colors .
no Duke can leave at least thirty colors .
no slave could exist without fewer than nine windows .
no slave could exist without at most nine windows .
no sister could open the door to more than one dog .
no sister could open the door to at least one dog .
no pig can carry fewer than nine problems .
no pig can carry at most nine problems .
no wolf can increase the size of more than ten colors .
no wolf can increase the size of at least ten colors .
no wolf could catch fewer than six colors .
no wolf could catch at most six colors .
no doctor can exist without fewer than nine minutes .
no doctor can exist without at most nine minutes .
no sister could catch fewer than thirty songs .
no sister could catch at most thirty songs .
no sister can exist without fewer than ten movies .
no sister can exist without at most ten movies .
no pig can catch fewer than six dogs .
no pig can catch at most six dogs .
no pig can carry fewer than nine dogs .
no pig can carry at most nine dogs .
no pig can carry fewer than six lies .
no pig can carry at most six lies .
no dinosaur could exist without fewer than nine toys .
no dinosaur could exist without at most nine toys .
no slave could carry fewer than nine patterns .
no slave could carry at most nine patterns .
no sister can stand on top of more than thirty pictures .
no sister can stand on top of at least thirty pictures .
no wolf can open the door to more than thirty babies .
no wolf can open the door to at least thirty babies .
no wolf could catch more than nine hands .
no wolf could catch at least nine hands .
no Duke can exist without fewer than thirty animals .
no Duke can exist without at most thirty animals .
no boat can leave fewer than six pages .
no boat can leave at most six pages .
no Duke could carry more than twenty rings .
no Duke could carry at least twenty rings .
no pig can stand on top of more than ten girls .
no pig can stand on top of at least ten girls .
no dinosaur could leave fewer than nine cars .
no dinosaur could leave at most nine cars .
no doctor can exist without fewer than one day .
no doctor can exist without at most one day .
no pig can increase the size of more than twenty pages .
no pig can increase the size of at least twenty pages .
no Duke can increase the size of fewer than twenty minutes .
no Duke can increase the size of at most twenty minutes .
no Duke can catch more than thirty songs .
no Duke can catch at least thirty songs .
no wolf can increase the size of more than ten feet .
no wolf can increase the size of at least ten feet .
no sister could move to fewer than one book .
no sister could move to at most one book .
no wolf could move to fewer than six books .
no wolf could move to at most six books .
no Duke can catch fewer than thirty things .
no Duke can catch at most thirty things .
no wolf could increase the size of more than nine windows .
no wolf could increase the size of at least nine windows .
no slave can open the door to more than thirty lies .
no slave can open the door to at least thirty lies .
no wolf can open the door to fewer than thirty animals .
no wolf can open the door to at most thirty animals .
no Duke could move to more than six stories .
no Duke could move to at least six stories .
no doctor could carry fewer than one word .
no doctor could carry at most one word .
no Duke could increase the size of more than one problem .
no Duke could increase the size of at least one problem .
no doctor could leave fewer than one thing .
no doctor could leave at most one thing .
no slave could move to fewer than nine guys .
no slave could move to at most nine guys .
no wolf could move to more than ten horses .
no wolf could move to at least ten horses .
no pig could increase the size of more than ten patterns .
no pig could increase the size of at least ten patterns .
no boat can exist without fewer than thirty whales .
no boat can exist without at most thirty whales .
no slave can move to more than nine types .
no slave can move to at least nine types .
no pig could open the door to more than six babies .
no pig could open the door to at least six babies .
no pig could increase the size of more than ten kings .
no pig could increase the size of at least ten kings .
no sister can catch fewer than one bear .
no sister can catch at most one bear .
no Duke could open the door to more than one restaurant .
no Duke could open the door to at least one restaurant .
no doctor can exist without fewer than six patterns .
no doctor can exist without at most six patterns .
no slave could increase the size of more than ten lies .
no slave could increase the size of at least ten lies .
no Duke can exist without fewer than thirty bands .
no Duke can exist without at most thirty bands .
no boat could exist without fewer than thirty fingers .
no boat could exist without at most thirty fingers .
no Duke can stand on top of fewer than thirty words .
no Duke can stand on top of at most thirty words .
no pig could leave fewer than ten pictures .
no pig could leave at most ten pictures .
no slave could increase the size of more than ten bones .
no slave could increase the size of at least ten bones .
no sister can catch fewer than ten ways .
no sister can catch at most ten ways .
no doctor could catch more than twenty bones .
no doctor could catch at least twenty bones .
no Duke could move to more than twenty engines .
no Duke could move to at least twenty engines .
no slave could exist without fewer than one finger .
no slave could exist without at most one finger .
no boat could catch more than twenty stars .
no boat could catch at least twenty stars .
no pig can leave fewer than ten animals .
no pig can leave at most ten animals .
no Duke could leave more than one finger .
no Duke could leave at least one finger .
no doctor can move to more than one bear .
no doctor can move to at least one bear .
no slave could increase the size of more than one day .
no slave could increase the size of at least one day .
no dinosaur could increase the size of more than thirty cars .
no dinosaur could increase the size of at least thirty cars .
no pig could exist without fewer than twenty birds .
no pig could exist without at most twenty birds .
no slave could increase the size of more than nine girls .
no slave could increase the size of at least nine girls .
no wolf could open the door to fewer than ten birds .
no wolf could open the door to at most ten birds .
no sister can carry fewer than six arms .
no sister can carry at most six arms .
no sister can move to more than nine kings .
no sister can move to at least nine kings .
no sister can carry more than one stand .
no sister can carry at least one stand .
no doctor could move to more than nine days .
no doctor could move to at least nine days .
no slave could move to fewer than six feet .
no slave could move to at most six feet .
no slave can carry more than twenty feet .
no slave can carry at least twenty feet .
no doctor could increase the size of fewer than one problem .
no doctor could increase the size of at most one problem .
no doctor can increase the size of more than nine stories .
no doctor can increase the size of at least nine stories .
no wolf could open the door to fewer than twenty waters .
no wolf could open the door to at most twenty waters .
no boat can move to more than thirty eggs .
no boat can move to at least thirty eggs .
no wolf can leave more than ten kings .
no wolf can leave at least ten kings .
no doctor could move to fewer than thirty feet .
no doctor could move to at most thirty feet .
no pig can leave fewer than ten fingers .
no pig can leave at most ten fingers .
no doctor can stand on top of fewer than ten waters .
no doctor can stand on top of at most ten waters .
no wolf could increase the size of fewer than thirty stars .
no wolf could increase the size of at most thirty stars .
no wolf can move to more than six pages .
no wolf can move to at least six pages .
no slave can increase the size of fewer than twenty windows .
no slave can increase the size of at most twenty windows .
no wolf can carry more than ten lies .
no wolf can carry at least ten lies .
no slave can exist without more than one star .
no slave can exist without at least one star .
no slave could stand on top of more than one problem .
no slave could stand on top of at least one problem .
no Duke could move to more than thirty days .
no Duke could move to at least thirty days .
no wolf could catch more than ten fingers .
no wolf could catch at least ten fingers .
no dinosaur can move to more than ten bears .
no dinosaur can move to at least ten bears .
no pig could stand on top of fewer than ten parents .
no pig could stand on top of at most ten parents .
no boat could increase the size of more than twenty cars .
no boat could increase the size of at least twenty cars .
no sister could stand on top of fewer than one stand .
no sister could stand on top of at most one stand .
no slave could leave fewer than nine hands .
no slave could leave at most nine hands .
no pig could open the door to more than six toys .
no pig could open the door to at least six toys .
no wolf could catch fewer than one call .
no wolf could catch at most one call .
no pig could exist without more than six pages .
no pig could exist without at least six pages .
no slave can move to fewer than six dollars .
no slave can move to at most six dollars .
no Duke could stand on top of fewer than six children .
no Duke could stand on top of at most six children .
no boat could catch more than six arms .
no boat could catch at least six arms .
no boat can exist without fewer than six bits .
no boat can exist without at most six bits .
no doctor could carry more than thirty bands .
no doctor could carry at least thirty bands .
no slave could stand on top of more than twenty differences .
no slave could stand on top of at least twenty differences .
no pig can increase the size of fewer than ten eggs .
no pig can increase the size of at most ten eggs .
no slave can catch fewer than thirty hands .
no slave can catch at most thirty hands .
no Duke can catch fewer than ten dollars .
no Duke can catch at most ten dollars .
no pig can catch more than thirty feet .
no pig can catch at least thirty feet .
no doctor could exist without more than thirty pictures .
no doctor could exist without at least thirty pictures .
no doctor can open the door to more than one call .
no doctor can open the door to at least one call .
no boat could open the door to more than ten toys .
no boat could open the door to at least ten toys .
no wolf can leave fewer than thirty pictures .
no wolf can leave at most thirty pictures .
no Duke can carry more than nine movies .
no Duke can carry at least nine movies .
no wolf could leave fewer than twenty babies .
no wolf could leave at most twenty babies .
no boat can catch more than ten horses .
no boat can catch at least ten horses .
no Duke could carry more than one egg .
no Duke could carry at least one egg .
no wolf could leave more than thirty things .
no wolf could leave at least thirty things .
no sister could open the door to fewer than ten days .
no sister could open the door to at most ten days .
no sister could move to fewer than nine waters .
no sister could move to at most nine waters .
no dinosaur could carry more than nine colors .
no dinosaur could carry at least nine colors .
no pig could move to more than six babies .
no pig could move to at least six babies .
no pig could exist without fewer than ten horses .
no pig could exist without at most ten horses .
no pig could carry fewer than nine children .
no pig could carry at most nine children .
no pig can stand on top of fewer than nine stars .
no pig can stand on top of at most nine stars .
no slave could leave fewer than nine pages .
no slave could leave at most nine pages .
no slave could stand on top of fewer than nine babies .
no slave could stand on top of at most nine babies .
no Duke could stand on top of more than ten parents .
no Duke could stand on top of at least ten parents .
no dinosaur can carry more than nine dogs .
no dinosaur can carry at least nine dogs .
no dinosaur could exist without fewer than twenty restaurants .
no dinosaur could exist without at most twenty restaurants .
no Duke could catch fewer than one horse .
no Duke could catch at most one horse .
no doctor can leave more than nine feet .
no doctor can leave at least nine feet .
no sister could catch more than ten parents .
no sister could catch at least ten parents .
no pig can exist without fewer than nine movies .
no pig can exist without at most nine movies .
no slave could stand on top of fewer than ten types .
no slave could stand on top of at most ten types .
no wolf can leave more than nine patterns .
no wolf can leave at least nine patterns .
no boat can carry fewer than ten patterns .
no boat can carry at most ten patterns .
no slave can increase the size of fewer than twenty dollars .
no slave can increase the size of at most twenty dollars .
no boat can stand on top of more than twenty cars .
no boat can stand on top of at least twenty cars .
no Duke can leave more than nine differences .
no Duke can leave at least nine differences .
no dinosaur can stand on top of more than thirty feet .
no dinosaur can stand on top of at least thirty feet .
no slave can move to more than thirty calls .
no slave can move to at least thirty calls .
no doctor can move to fewer than ten stands .
no doctor can move to at most ten stands .
no boat can move to more than one problem .
no boat can move to at least one problem .
no sister could open the door to more than one type .
no sister could open the door to at least one type .
no pig can open the door to fewer than twenty bears .
no pig can open the door to at most twenty bears .
no Duke can open the door to more than six movies .
no Duke can open the door to at least six movies .
no slave could catch more than one color .
no slave could catch at least one color .
no slave could move to more than thirty parents .
no slave could move to at least thirty parents .
no slave could increase the size of more than six fingers .
no slave could increase the size of at least six fingers .
no slave can open the door to more than thirty engines .
no slave can open the door to at least thirty engines .
no sister could increase the size of more than thirty calls .
no sister could increase the size of at least thirty calls .
no Duke could increase the size of fewer than twenty kings .
no Duke could increase the size of at most twenty kings .
no sister could move to fewer than nine animals .
no sister could move to at most nine animals .
no dinosaur could carry more than nine dollars .
no dinosaur could carry at least nine dollars .
no pig could carry more than nine pages .
no pig could carry at least nine pages .
no wolf can increase the size of fewer than thirty restaurants .
no wolf can increase the size of at most thirty restaurants .
no Duke can catch more than one girl .
no Duke can catch at least one girl .
no pig can exist without more than thirty stars .
no pig can exist without at least thirty stars .
no slave could move to more than ten toys .
no slave could move to at least ten toys .
no boat can open the door to more than one finger .
no boat can open the door to at least one finger .
no wolf could open the door to more than nine pictures .
no wolf could open the door to at least nine pictures .
no wolf can stand on top of fewer than six books .
no wolf can stand on top of at most six books .
no dinosaur can increase the size of fewer than six movies .
no dinosaur can increase the size of at most six movies .
no pig can leave more than one king .
no pig can leave at least one king .
no pig could carry fewer than ten pictures .
no pig could carry at most ten pictures .
no Duke can leave fewer than one bone .
no Duke can leave at most one bone .
no dinosaur could open the door to fewer than one whale .
no dinosaur could open the door to at most one whale .
no doctor could catch more than twenty pages .
no doctor could catch at least twenty pages .
no wolf can stand on top of fewer than thirty problems .
no wolf can stand on top of at most thirty problems .
no sister can leave fewer than one problem .
no sister can leave at most one problem .
no boat could leave fewer than six eggs .
no boat could leave at most six eggs .
no boat could move to fewer than thirty types .
no boat could move to at most thirty types .
no Duke can move to more than ten pages .
no Duke can move to at least ten pages .
no sister can exist without more than twenty minutes .
no sister can exist without at least twenty minutes .
no boat could carry fewer than one problem .
no boat could carry at most one problem .
no pig can catch more than twenty movies .
no pig can catch at least twenty movies .
no Duke could move to more than thirty bones .
no Duke could move to at least thirty bones .
no sister can move to more than ten bits .
no sister can move to at least ten bits .
no wolf can stand on top of more than nine differences .
no wolf can stand on top of at least nine differences .
no wolf could carry fewer than six eggs .
no wolf could carry at most six eggs .
no doctor can exist without more than nine songs .
no doctor can exist without at least nine songs .
no dinosaur could stand on top of fewer than one minute .
no dinosaur could stand on top of at most one minute .
no wolf can increase the size of fewer than one pattern .
no wolf can increase the size of at most one pattern .
no doctor can increase the size of fewer than one car .
no doctor can increase the size of at most one car .
no boat can stand on top of more than thirty animals .
no boat can stand on top of at least thirty animals .
no wolf could exist without more than nine animals .
no wolf could exist without at least nine animals .
no doctor can leave fewer than ten books .
no doctor can leave at most ten books .
no Duke could stand on top of fewer than twenty eggs .
no Duke could stand on top of at most twenty eggs .
no sister could stand on top of more than nine bits .
no sister could stand on top of at least nine bits .
no wolf can leave fewer than ten eggs .
no wolf can leave at most ten eggs .
no pig can exist without fewer than thirty dollars .
no pig can exist without at most thirty dollars .
no sister could exist without fewer than one day .
no sister could exist without at most one day .
no pig could leave fewer than thirty pages .
no pig could leave at most thirty pages .
no slave can open the door to more than one horse .
no slave can open the door to at least one horse .
no pig could exist without fewer than six songs .
no pig could exist without at most six songs .
no Duke can open the door to more than ten dogs .
no Duke can open the door to at least ten dogs .
no dinosaur can move to more than nine birds .
no dinosaur can move to at least nine birds .
no Duke could catch more than twenty animals .
no Duke could catch at least twenty animals .
no boat can move to fewer than thirty dogs .
no boat can move to at most thirty dogs .
no pig can catch more than twenty minutes .
no pig can catch at least twenty minutes .
no doctor can leave fewer than ten differences .
no doctor can leave at most ten differences .
no boat could open the door to more than six windows .
no boat could open the door to at least six windows .
no slave can carry more than twenty parents .
no slave can carry at least twenty parents .
no boat can carry fewer than thirty toys .
no boat can carry at most thirty toys .
no slave could exist without more than nine birds .
no slave could exist without at least nine birds .
no boat could increase the size of fewer than twenty kings .
no boat could increase the size of at most twenty kings .
no slave can move to more than ten engines .
no slave can move to at least ten engines .
no boat could exist without more than ten bits .
no boat could exist without at least ten bits .
no Duke could exist without more than six dogs .
no Duke could exist without at least six dogs .
no slave can open the door to more than nine engines .
no slave can open the door to at least nine engines .
no doctor could leave fewer than nine girls .
no doctor could leave at most nine girls .
no dinosaur could stand on top of fewer than twenty children .
no dinosaur could stand on top of at most twenty children .
no dinosaur can stand on top of more than thirty rings .
no dinosaur can stand on top of at least thirty rings .
no slave could catch more than one water .
no slave could catch at least one water .
no doctor can leave fewer than twenty parents .
no doctor can leave at most twenty parents .
no dinosaur can catch fewer than ten toys .
no dinosaur can catch at most ten toys .
no slave could stand on top of fewer than twenty calls .
no slave could stand on top of at most twenty calls .
no Duke could stand on top of more than twenty problems .
no Duke could stand on top of at least twenty problems .
no Duke can leave more than one movie .
no Duke can leave at least one movie .
no sister could catch fewer than nine minutes .
no sister could catch at most nine minutes .
no slave could stand on top of fewer than thirty pictures .
no slave could stand on top of at most thirty pictures .
no pig can catch more than thirty rings .
no pig can catch at least thirty rings .
no doctor can stand on top of more than one ring .
no doctor can stand on top of at least one ring .
no slave could move to more than six calls .
no slave could move to at least six calls .
no slave could stand on top of more than one call .
no slave could stand on top of at least one call .
no doctor can increase the size of more than nine hands .
no doctor can increase the size of at least nine hands .
no boat could exist without more than six parents .
no boat could exist without at least six parents .
no boat could exist without fewer than ten eggs .
no boat could exist without at most ten eggs .
no Duke can leave fewer than ten birds .
no Duke can leave at most ten birds .
no wolf can move to fewer than ten babies .
no wolf can move to at most ten babies .
no Duke could stand on top of fewer than six bears .
no Duke could stand on top of at most six bears .
no sister can increase the size of fewer than twenty calls .
no sister can increase the size of at most twenty calls .
no slave could open the door to fewer than one pattern .
no slave could open the door to at most one pattern .
no sister can move to fewer than ten kings .
no sister can move to at most ten kings .
no sister can catch more than twenty pages .
no sister can catch at least twenty pages .
no Duke can catch fewer than twenty restaurants .
no Duke can catch at most twenty restaurants .
no boat could leave fewer than twenty lies .
no boat could leave at most twenty lies .
no sister could open the door to fewer than ten lies .
no sister could open the door to at most ten lies .
no pig could stand on top of more than nine parents .
no pig could stand on top of at least nine parents .
no Duke could open the door to more than one window .
no Duke could open the door to at least one window .
no dinosaur could exist without fewer than ten guys .
no dinosaur could exist without at most ten guys .
no doctor can catch fewer than six children .
no doctor can catch at most six children .
no sister could open the door to fewer than twenty ways .
no sister could open the door to at most twenty ways .
no boat can catch more than ten kings .
no boat can catch at least ten kings .
no doctor can carry fewer than ten babies .
no doctor can carry at most ten babies .
no pig can open the door to more than six feet .
no pig can open the door to at least six feet .
no sister can stand on top of more than nine kings .
no sister can stand on top of at least nine kings .
no boat can carry more than one page .
no boat can carry at least one page .
no doctor could stand on top of fewer than ten guys .
no doctor could stand on top of at most ten guys .
no Duke could catch more than thirty words .
no Duke could catch at least thirty words .
no Duke can open the door to more than six differences .
no Duke can open the door to at least six differences .
no slave can carry more than six dollars .
no slave can carry at least six dollars .
no boat could catch fewer than twenty bones .
no boat could catch at most twenty bones .
no doctor could carry more than nine babies .
no doctor could carry at least nine babies .
no Duke could catch fewer than ten pictures .
no Duke could catch at most ten pictures .
no Duke can carry more than thirty colors .
no Duke can carry at least thirty colors .
no Duke can increase the size of fewer than twenty guys .
no Duke can increase the size of at most twenty guys .
no doctor could leave fewer than ten minutes .
no doctor could leave at most ten minutes .
no sister can exist without fewer than twenty dogs .
no sister can exist without at most twenty dogs .
no boat can catch more than one way .
no boat can catch at least one way .
no doctor can move to fewer than six eggs .
no doctor can move to at most six eggs .
no boat could catch more than nine calls .
no boat could catch at least nine calls .
no dinosaur can leave fewer than six types .
no dinosaur can leave at most six types .
no wolf could leave fewer than nine stands .
no wolf could leave at most nine stands .
no dinosaur can open the door to more than nine rings .
no dinosaur can open the door to at least nine rings .
no slave could leave fewer than one girl .
no slave could leave at most one girl .
no dinosaur could open the door to more than thirty hands .
no dinosaur could open the door to at least thirty hands .
no Duke can exist without more than thirty boats .
no Duke can exist without at least thirty boats .
no sister could increase the size of fewer than six pictures .
no sister could increase the size of at most six pictures .
no wolf can leave fewer than one foot .
no wolf can leave at most one foot .
no Duke can stand on top of more than one baby .
no Duke can stand on top of at least one baby .
no slave could exist without more than nine babies .
no slave could exist without at least nine babies .
no boat can leave more than twenty waters .
no boat can leave at least twenty waters .
no dinosaur can carry more than twenty horses .
no dinosaur can carry at least twenty horses .
no boat can open the door to more than twenty rings .
no boat can open the door to at least twenty rings .
no boat can leave fewer than twenty babies .
no boat can leave at most twenty babies .
no sister can open the door to fewer than nine colors .
no sister can open the door to at most nine colors .
no boat could catch fewer than ten horses .
no boat could catch at most ten horses .
no slave can exist without fewer than thirty bits .
no slave can exist without at most thirty bits .
no pig can catch fewer than twenty dogs .
no pig can catch at most twenty dogs .
no slave could stand on top of more than thirty days .
no slave could stand on top of at least thirty days .
no sister can leave fewer than nine toys .
no sister can leave at most nine toys .
no sister can leave fewer than thirty movies .
no sister can leave at most thirty movies .
no dinosaur could carry more than twenty bits .
no dinosaur could carry at least twenty bits .
no dinosaur can carry more than thirty dogs .
no dinosaur can carry at least thirty dogs .
no pig can increase the size of more than one dog .
no pig can increase the size of at least one dog .
no dinosaur can catch more than ten waters .
no dinosaur can catch at least ten waters .
no sister could exist without fewer than one stand .
no sister could exist without at most one stand .
no boat could move to fewer than twenty dollars .
no boat could move to at most twenty dollars .
no slave could leave fewer than twenty babies .
no slave could leave at most twenty babies .
no boat could carry fewer than nine stands .
no boat could carry at most nine stands .
no dinosaur can carry more than one toy .
no dinosaur can carry at least one toy .
no sister could leave more than one parent .
no sister could leave at least one parent .
no slave could exist without fewer than thirty songs .
no slave could exist without at most thirty songs .
no sister could stand on top of more than twenty dogs .
no sister could stand on top of at least twenty dogs .
no dinosaur could stand on top of fewer than twenty movies .
no dinosaur could stand on top of at most twenty movies .
no wolf can stand on top of more than nine colors .
no wolf can stand on top of at least nine colors .
no pig can increase the size of more than thirty babies .
no pig can increase the size of at least thirty babies .
no sister could move to fewer than ten birds .
no sister could move to at most ten birds .
no sister can carry more than ten patterns .
no sister can carry at least ten patterns .
no pig can carry fewer than one guy .
no pig can carry at most one guy .
no wolf could increase the size of more than six lions .
no wolf could increase the size of at least six lions .
no wolf can catch fewer than twenty ways .
no wolf can catch at most twenty ways .
no sister can carry more than one animal .
no sister can carry at least one animal .
no sister could move to more than one way .
no sister could move to at least one way .
no pig could move to more than thirty stands .
no pig could move to at least thirty stands .
no pig could increase the size of more than six children .
no pig could increase the size of at least six children .
no sister could increase the size of fewer than one story .
no sister could increase the size of at most one story .
no dinosaur could leave more than ten bands .
no dinosaur could leave at least ten bands .
no dinosaur could increase the size of more than thirty days .
no dinosaur could increase the size of at least thirty days .
no pig could open the door to more than twenty engines .
no pig could open the door to at least twenty engines .
no doctor could carry fewer than thirty fingers .
no doctor could carry at most thirty fingers .
no dinosaur can stand on top of fewer than thirty girls .
no dinosaur can stand on top of at most thirty girls .
no pig can leave fewer than twenty toys .
no pig can leave at most twenty toys .
no boat could move to more than thirty children .
no boat could move to at least thirty children .
no pig could stand on top of fewer than one band .
no pig could stand on top of at most one band .
no boat could increase the size of more than thirty babies .
no boat could increase the size of at least thirty babies .
no sister can open the door to fewer than one difference .
no sister can open the door to at most one difference .
no dinosaur can move to fewer than six parents .
no dinosaur can move to at most six parents .
no doctor can exist without more than twenty waters .
no doctor can exist without at least twenty waters .
no sister could open the door to fewer than nine fingers .
no sister could open the door to at most nine fingers .
no dinosaur could catch more than one call .
no dinosaur could catch at least one call .
no wolf could stand on top of fewer than six movies .
no wolf could stand on top of at most six movies .
no slave can carry fewer than one thing .
no slave can carry at most one thing .
no wolf can stand on top of fewer than six hands .
no wolf can stand on top of at most six hands .
no dinosaur could stand on top of fewer than nine days .
no dinosaur could stand on top of at most nine days .
no doctor could catch fewer than thirty books .
no doctor could catch at most thirty books .
no slave could open the door to more than nine animals .
no slave could open the door to at least nine animals .
no slave could stand on top of fewer than six toys .
no slave could stand on top of at most six toys .
no doctor could catch fewer than ten stands .
no doctor could catch at most ten stands .
no boat can exist without fewer than thirty lions .
no boat can exist without at most thirty lions .
no doctor can exist without more than thirty books .
no doctor can exist without at least thirty books .
no wolf could move to more than one band .
no wolf could move to at least one band .
no Duke could exist without more than twenty eggs .
no Duke could exist without at least twenty eggs .
no Duke can carry fewer than thirty problems .
no Duke can carry at most thirty problems .
no boat can leave more than twenty things .
no boat can leave at least twenty things .
no slave could increase the size of more than nine animals .
no slave could increase the size of at least nine animals .
no pig can leave more than twenty days .
no pig can leave at least twenty days .
no boat can catch fewer than thirty lies .
no boat can catch at most thirty lies .
no dinosaur could exist without more than ten rings .
no dinosaur could exist without at least ten rings .
no boat can stand on top of fewer than six kings .
no boat can stand on top of at most six kings .
no dinosaur can exist without fewer than twenty parents .
no dinosaur can exist without at most twenty parents .
no doctor can move to more than one dollar .
no doctor can move to at least one dollar .
no Duke can catch fewer than six bits .
no Duke can catch at most six bits .
no sister can increase the size of more than nine stands .
no sister can increase the size of at least nine stands .
no Duke can increase the size of fewer than six engines .
no Duke can increase the size of at most six engines .
no wolf can exist without more than one stand .
no wolf can exist without at least one stand .
no sister could open the door to fewer than ten bands .
no sister could open the door to at most ten bands .
no slave could exist without more than thirty restaurants .
no slave could exist without at least thirty restaurants .
no sister can move to fewer than six cars .
no sister can move to at most six cars .
no dinosaur could increase the size of fewer than ten birds .
no dinosaur could increase the size of at most ten birds .
no wolf can exist without fewer than twenty bands .
no wolf can exist without at most twenty bands .
no pig could increase the size of fewer than six windows .
no pig could increase the size of at most six windows .
no pig could move to fewer than ten bones .
no pig could move to at most ten bones .
no Duke could stand on top of fewer than twenty waters .
no Duke could stand on top of at most twenty waters .
no boat can move to fewer than ten minutes .
no boat can move to at most ten minutes .
no Duke could carry more than thirty pictures .
no Duke could carry at least thirty pictures .
no Duke can move to more than thirty problems .
no Duke can move to at least thirty problems .
no boat can open the door to fewer than six boats .
no boat can open the door to at most six boats .
no sister could exist without more than six cars .
no sister could exist without at least six cars .
no dinosaur can leave fewer than six parents .
no dinosaur can leave at most six parents .
no boat can exist without more than thirty differences .
no boat can exist without at least thirty differences .
no sister could increase the size of more than thirty kings .
no sister could increase the size of at least thirty kings .
no sister can move to more than thirty pages .
no sister can move to at least thirty pages .
no Duke could exist without fewer than twenty cars .
no Duke could exist without at most twenty cars .
no boat could exist without more than twenty lions .
no boat could exist without at least twenty lions .
no wolf could increase the size of fewer than nine books .
no wolf could increase the size of at most nine books .
no wolf can open the door to more than twenty words .
no wolf can open the door to at least twenty words .
no dinosaur could carry more than twenty parents .
no dinosaur could carry at least twenty parents .
no slave can leave more than six calls .
no slave can leave at least six calls .
no dinosaur could increase the size of more than six parents .
no dinosaur could increase the size of at least six parents .
no boat could catch fewer than one arm .
no boat could catch at most one arm .
no boat could increase the size of more than one lion .
no boat could increase the size of at least one lion .
no slave could stand on top of more than twenty guys .
no slave could stand on top of at least twenty guys .
no wolf can open the door to more than twenty books .
no wolf can open the door to at least twenty books .
no boat can carry more than nine types .
no boat can carry at least nine types .
no Duke can stand on top of fewer than ten minutes .
no Duke can stand on top of at most ten minutes .
no Duke can carry more than one finger .
no Duke can carry at least one finger .
no slave could increase the size of fewer than nine lies .
no slave could increase the size of at most nine lies .
no sister could leave more than one egg .
no sister could leave at least one egg .
no boat can exist without more than thirty days .
no boat can exist without at least thirty days .
no doctor could open the door to fewer than one story .
no doctor could open the door to at most one story .
no boat can increase the size of more than thirty waters .
no boat can increase the size of at least thirty waters .
no pig could open the door to fewer than six days .
no pig could open the door to at most six days .
no wolf could catch fewer than one toy .
no wolf could catch at most one toy .
no sister could open the door to more than six hands .
no sister could open the door to at least six hands .
no doctor could exist without more than six dollars .
no doctor could exist without at least six dollars .
no wolf can catch fewer than thirty words .
no wolf can catch at most thirty words .
no slave can carry more than ten birds .
no slave can carry at least ten birds .
no wolf can exist without more than nine lies .
no wolf can exist without at least nine lies .
no boat can open the door to more than ten books .
no boat can open the door to at least ten books .
no doctor could leave more than six girls .
no doctor could leave at least six girls .
no dinosaur can carry fewer than thirty books .
no dinosaur can carry at most thirty books .
no Duke can move to fewer than ten patterns .
no Duke can move to at most ten patterns .
no boat can leave fewer than twenty ways .
no boat can leave at most twenty ways .
no sister can increase the size of more than thirty horses .
no sister can increase the size of at least thirty horses .
no doctor can leave fewer than six lions .
no doctor can leave at most six lions .
no sister can increase the size of fewer than ten eggs .
no sister can increase the size of at most ten eggs .
no pig could carry fewer than twenty whales .
no pig could carry at most twenty whales .
no slave could catch more than thirty types .
no slave could catch at least thirty types .
no doctor can leave fewer than one foot .
no doctor can leave at most one foot .
no sister could increase the size of fewer than six colors .
no sister could increase the size of at most six colors .
no wolf could open the door to more than nine lies .
no wolf could open the door to at least nine lies .
no sister can exist without more than thirty birds .
no sister can exist without at least thirty birds .
no slave can move to more than twenty pages .
no slave can move to at least twenty pages .
no wolf can increase the size of fewer than twenty bands .
no wolf can increase the size of at most twenty bands .
no Duke could exist without fewer than twenty kings .
no Duke could exist without at most twenty kings .
no dinosaur could stand on top of more than twenty whales .
no dinosaur could stand on top of at least twenty whales .
no boat can increase the size of fewer than twenty arms .
no boat can increase the size of at most twenty arms .
no sister could carry fewer than nine books .
no sister could carry at most nine books .
no boat can leave fewer than nine minutes .
no boat can leave at most nine minutes .
no wolf could catch fewer than nine patterns .
no wolf could catch at most nine patterns .
no dinosaur could move to fewer than twenty arms .
no dinosaur could move to at most twenty arms .
no slave can stand on top of more than six days .
no slave can stand on top of at least six days .
no Duke could increase the size of more than nine waters .
no Duke could increase the size of at least nine waters .
no slave could carry more than twenty feet .
no slave could carry at least twenty feet .
no wolf can exist without more than twenty movies .
no wolf can exist without at least twenty movies .
no Duke can catch fewer than ten engines .
no Duke can catch at most ten engines .
no sister can increase the size of more than one bit .
no sister can increase the size of at least one bit .
no slave can move to fewer than thirty pictures .
no slave can move to at most thirty pictures .
no sister could move to more than one parent .
no sister could move to at least one parent .
no slave can move to more than ten boats .
no slave can move to at least ten boats .
no boat can catch fewer than six stars .
no boat can catch at most six stars .
no wolf could move to more than ten differences .
no wolf could move to at least ten differences .
no dinosaur could catch fewer than one story .
no dinosaur could catch at most one story .
no wolf can increase the size of more than one stand .
no wolf can increase the size of at least one stand .
no Duke can move to fewer than ten parents .
no Duke can move to at most ten parents .
no dinosaur could exist without fewer than twenty cars .
no dinosaur could exist without at most twenty cars .
no wolf can catch fewer than six kings .
no wolf can catch at most six kings .
no pig could open the door to more than ten bears .
no pig could open the door to at least ten bears .
no Duke could carry more than ten windows .
no Duke could carry at least ten windows .
no Duke can catch fewer than thirty words .
no Duke can catch at most thirty words .
no Duke can increase the size of fewer than nine feet .
no Duke can increase the size of at most nine feet .
no dinosaur can leave more than nine whales .
no dinosaur can leave at least nine whales .
no sister could carry more than ten hands .
no sister could carry at least ten hands .
no pig can stand on top of more than ten differences .
no pig can stand on top of at least ten differences .
no dinosaur can leave more than ten feet .
no dinosaur can leave at least ten feet .
no sister can catch more than thirty dogs .
no sister can catch at least thirty dogs .
no slave can move to fewer than twenty girls .
no slave can move to at most twenty girls .
no slave can increase the size of more than thirty types .
no slave can increase the size of at least thirty types .
no sister could stand on top of fewer than six problems .
no sister could stand on top of at most six problems .
no Duke could move to fewer than one arm .
no Duke could move to at most one arm .
no doctor can catch fewer than nine stands .
no doctor can catch at most nine stands .
no boat can carry more than six books .
no boat can carry at least six books .
no wolf can carry more than six pictures .
no wolf can carry at least six pictures .
no pig can leave fewer than ten bits .
no pig can leave at most ten bits .
no doctor could increase the size of more than ten colors .
no doctor could increase the size of at least ten colors .
no boat could open the door to more than ten cars .
no boat could open the door to at least ten cars .
no wolf can open the door to more than one word .
no wolf can open the door to at least one word .
no sister can catch more than twenty movies .
no sister can catch at least twenty movies .
no Duke can leave more than one car .
no Duke can leave at least one car .
no wolf can carry fewer than one call .
no wolf can carry at most one call .
no doctor can catch fewer than nine girls .
no doctor can catch at most nine girls .
no wolf could catch more than six types .
no wolf could catch at least six types .
no slave can stand on top of more than nine babies .
no slave can stand on top of at least nine babies .
no sister can stand on top of fewer than nine songs .
no sister can stand on top of at most nine songs .
no doctor can leave fewer than ten stories .
no doctor can leave at most ten stories .
no sister can open the door to more than twenty lies .
no sister can open the door to at least twenty lies .
no sister could increase the size of more than nine books .
no sister could increase the size of at least nine books .
no Duke could catch more than twenty colors .
no Duke could catch at least twenty colors .
no doctor could leave more than one ring .
no doctor could leave at least one ring .
no slave can exist without more than ten words .
no slave can exist without at least ten words .
no doctor could move to fewer than one minute .
no doctor could move to at most one minute .
no slave can catch more than one whale .
no slave can catch at least one whale .
no sister could move to more than twenty restaurants .
no sister could move to at least twenty restaurants .
no doctor can exist without fewer than thirty cars .
no doctor can exist without at most thirty cars .
no dinosaur could increase the size of more than ten arms .
no dinosaur could increase the size of at least ten arms .
no slave can increase the size of more than one child .
no slave can increase the size of at least one child .
no dinosaur can open the door to more than thirty calls .
no dinosaur can open the door to at least thirty calls .
no wolf could carry fewer than ten bits .
no wolf could carry at most ten bits .
no Duke could leave fewer than nine types .
no Duke could leave at most nine types .
no doctor could open the door to more than twenty types .
no doctor could open the door to at least twenty types .
no boat could leave fewer than twenty things .
no boat could leave at most twenty things .
no wolf can leave more than one dollar .
no wolf can leave at least one dollar .
no Duke could increase the size of fewer than twenty hands .
no Duke could increase the size of at most twenty hands .
no Duke can exist without more than thirty types .
no Duke can exist without at least thirty types .
no Duke can carry fewer than nine arms .
no Duke can carry at most nine arms .
no boat could move to fewer than six bits .
no boat could move to at most six bits .
no doctor could catch fewer than twenty horses .
no doctor could catch at most twenty horses .
no doctor could exist without fewer than nine hands .
no doctor could exist without at most nine hands .
no boat can stand on top of fewer than ten engines .
no boat can stand on top of at most ten engines .
no slave could leave more than ten hands .
no slave could leave at least ten hands .
no sister can carry more than thirty girls .
no sister can carry at least thirty girls .
no Duke can carry fewer than one picture .
no Duke can carry at most one picture .
no sister can carry fewer than six ways .
no sister can carry at most six ways .
no wolf could stand on top of fewer than ten books .
no wolf could stand on top of at most ten books .
no dinosaur can carry more than nine restaurants .
no dinosaur can carry at least nine restaurants .
no slave can carry more than thirty dogs .
no slave can carry at least thirty dogs .
no slave can increase the size of fewer than thirty cars .
no slave can increase the size of at most thirty cars .
no wolf could carry fewer than one dollar .
no wolf could carry at most one dollar .
no boat can exist without fewer than thirty kings .
no boat can exist without at most thirty kings .
no pig can leave more than thirty engines .
no pig can leave at least thirty engines .
no pig could increase the size of more than six toys .
no pig could increase the size of at least six toys .
no wolf can move to fewer than six feet .
no wolf can move to at most six feet .
no doctor can open the door to more than thirty birds .
no doctor can open the door to at least thirty birds .
no pig could catch more than nine horses .
no pig could catch at least nine horses .
no wolf can exist without more than nine horses .
no wolf can exist without at least nine horses .
no sister can move to fewer than twenty stories .
no sister can move to at most twenty stories .
no pig could catch fewer than six toys .
no pig could catch at most six toys .
no slave could move to fewer than six lions .
no slave could move to at most six lions .
no dinosaur can stand on top of fewer than nine minutes .
no dinosaur can stand on top of at most nine minutes .
no doctor could catch fewer than six animals .
no doctor could catch at most six animals .
no dinosaur can carry more than thirty eggs .
no dinosaur can carry at least thirty eggs .
no wolf could carry fewer than ten stories .
no wolf could carry at most ten stories .
no slave can stand on top of more than ten pictures .
no slave can stand on top of at least ten pictures .
no pig could leave fewer than ten kings .
no pig could leave at most ten kings .
no wolf can move to more than twenty pictures .
no wolf can move to at least twenty pictures .
no dinosaur can leave more than ten girls .
no dinosaur can leave at least ten girls .
no dinosaur could catch more than twenty movies .
no dinosaur could catch at least twenty movies .
no doctor could increase the size of fewer than thirty bones .
no doctor could increase the size of at most thirty bones .
no slave could exist without more than one song .
no slave could exist without at least one song .
no dinosaur can carry more than twenty bands .
no dinosaur can carry at least twenty bands .
no wolf could exist without fewer than one minute .
no wolf could exist without at most one minute .
no sister could exist without fewer than twenty kings .
no sister could exist without at most twenty kings .
no wolf could leave more than thirty kings .
no wolf could leave at least thirty kings .
no pig can catch fewer than ten bones .
no pig can catch at most ten bones .
no pig can exist without fewer than nine stars .
no pig can exist without at most nine stars .
no dinosaur can move to fewer than ten bears .
no dinosaur can move to at most ten bears .
no Duke could stand on top of more than nine toys .
no Duke could stand on top of at least nine toys .
no pig can move to fewer than one foot .
no pig can move to at most one foot .
no doctor can open the door to fewer than one baby .
no doctor can open the door to at most one baby .
no doctor could carry more than nine boats .
no doctor could carry at least nine boats .
no pig can stand on top of more than ten rings .
no pig can stand on top of at least ten rings .
no pig could stand on top of more than nine arms .
no pig could stand on top of at least nine arms .
no doctor could exist without fewer than one difference .
no doctor could exist without at most one difference .
no doctor could carry fewer than twenty children .
no doctor could carry at most twenty children .
no dinosaur could exist without fewer than twenty things .
no dinosaur could exist without at most twenty things .
no boat can exist without fewer than twenty birds .
no boat can exist without at most twenty birds .
no Duke can carry fewer than ten pages .
no Duke can carry at most ten pages .
no wolf could increase the size of fewer than one day .
no wolf could increase the size of at most one day .
no wolf could open the door to fewer than one song .
no wolf could open the door to at most one song .
no Duke can carry more than twenty dogs .
no Duke can carry at least twenty dogs .
no dinosaur could leave fewer than six patterns .
no dinosaur could leave at most six patterns .
no slave can move to fewer than ten books .
no slave can move to at most ten books .
no sister could increase the size of fewer than ten things .
no sister could increase the size of at most ten things .
no sister could move to fewer than ten stories .
no sister could move to at most ten stories .
no pig can open the door to fewer than nine guys .
no pig can open the door to at most nine guys .
no sister can catch more than nine guys .
no sister can catch at least nine guys .
no Duke could open the door to more than thirty differences .
no Duke could open the door to at least thirty differences .
no boat could carry more than one baby .
no boat could carry at least one baby .
no wolf could increase the size of more than six hands .
no wolf could increase the size of at least six hands .
no doctor could stand on top of fewer than twenty minutes .
no doctor could stand on top of at most twenty minutes .
no doctor could increase the size of fewer than one picture .
no doctor could increase the size of at most one picture .
no dinosaur could increase the size of more than six days .
no dinosaur could increase the size of at least six days .
no sister can exist without more than one book .
no sister can exist without at least one book .
no pig could open the door to fewer than ten movies .
no pig could open the door to at most ten movies .
no pig could leave fewer than ten hands .
no pig could leave at most ten hands .
no boat could carry fewer than nine fingers .
no boat could carry at most nine fingers .
no dinosaur can leave more than one type .
no dinosaur can leave at least one type .
no sister could open the door to more than six bones .
no sister could open the door to at least six bones .
no wolf can move to more than thirty minutes .
no wolf can move to at least thirty minutes .
no sister could open the door to fewer than thirty bears .
no sister could open the door to at most thirty bears .
no sister could move to fewer than ten waters .
no sister could move to at most ten waters .
no wolf can catch more than twenty rings .
no wolf can catch at least twenty rings .
no sister can catch more than thirty dollars .
no sister can catch at least thirty dollars .
no pig could carry more than one page .
no pig could carry at least one page .
no doctor can leave more than twenty bits .
no doctor can leave at least twenty bits .
no Duke could move to more than thirty restaurants .
no Duke could move to at least thirty restaurants .
no pig can carry more than ten engines .
no pig can carry at least ten engines .
no doctor can increase the size of more than ten ways .
no doctor can increase the size of at least ten ways .
no dinosaur can move to more than nine rings .
no dinosaur can move to at least nine rings .
no pig could open the door to fewer than twenty stands .
no pig could open the door to at most twenty stands .
no pig could catch fewer than ten problems .
no pig could catch at most ten problems .